i need to know your exchange rates.
what exchange rates do you offer?
how did you come up with your exchange rates?
where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
how do i find the exchange rate?
what are your international exchange rates?
how often do your exchange rates change
please advise what is the exchange rate
how are exchange rates calculated?
what are exchange rates based on
what are exchange rates
what are the most current exchange rates?
can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
is it a good time to exchange?
what is the exchange rate like on this app?
do you have a list of exchange rates?
can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
will i get a curreng foreign exchange rate?
what currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
where do you get your exchange rates from?
what is the base of the exchange rates?
what exchange rate do you use?
the exchange rates are?
what do you base your exchange rates on?
what foreign exchange rate will you use?
how much will i get with the exchange rate?
the exchange rate would be?
what is the exchange rate like?
how do your exchange rates work?
what is the exchange rate?
where did your guys exchange rates come from?
how are you determining your exchange rates?
i'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
from where are you getting your exchange rates?
can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
why do your exchange rates change
what kind of foreign exchange rate will i get when i exchange my money?
what is my foreign exchange rate?
when does the rate get determined
what is the current exchange rate for me?
i need my card now!
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
i need my card quick
how long will it take to get to me?
i'm just wondering when my card will get here.
can you get me my card fast?
how long will it take to deliver something to us?
i live in the us, how long will it take for delivery?
when can i expect my card to be delivered to the us?
i need my card quickly
does delivery to the us take long?
how long will it take to arrive?
can i have my card delivered on a specific day?
what is the difference between standard and express delivery?
can it be delivered by a specific date?
may i choose when it's delivered?
i need it delivered on a certain date.
when should i expect my card?
how long does it take to get my card? can i choose when to receive it?
how long will it take for the card to arrive?
how fast can you deliver?
ordered awhile back, what is the eta in the us?
how long should i expect for the card to arrive?
whats the delivery time to the united states?
when will the card arrive?
send my card as soon as you are able to.
when are cards delivered?
how long does shipping take to get to a us destination?
can i get my card expedited?
how long until my card is delivered?
i need my card to come as soon as possible.
when can i expect to receive my new card?
i am waiting for my card to arrive.
i need my card as soon as possible.
i need it delivered by saturday.
what's the u.s. delivery time?
when will my card arrive?
can i choose a date for delivery?
can i make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
can i have it be delivered at a certain time?
i've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
i can't get my card to work.
my card appears to be broken how can i fix it?
how do i know why my card isn't working?
my card broke.
my card won't work.
why is my card not working?
can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
how do i unblock my card using the app?
my card does not work
how can i get my physical card to work?
can someone assist me by explaining why my card is not working?
help me.  my card doesn't work.
can a card stop working?
i think my card is broken
why isn't my card working?
my card isn't working anymore.
my card was declined today when eating and i need to know what's wrong.
my card doesn't work.
how can i resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
my actual card isn't working.
is my card broken?
i broke my card
my card stopped working
my card is broke, what do i do?
i tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
my card stopped working when i use it
i can't use my card.
need help with my card. it's not working.
i cannot use my card.
the card i've got seems to be broken.
my card isn't working
my card suddenly quit working.
i have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
the card i have doesn't work.
my card doesn't accept any transaction at all. what's wrong??
how can i check if my card is working?
nothing goes through on my card.
how do i find out why my card won't work?
could it be that i deactivated my card, its not working?
my entire gym bag, including my wallet, was stolen out of my locker today. everything in my wallet is gone - how do i block the card to make it can't be used?
i can't find my card and think it may have been stolen.
someone stole my card. i need to report it stolen. i made a police report already, but how do i report it with you?
i cant find my card, it's gone.
my card is lost! what can i do?
i lost my card
oh no!  i lost my card!  help!
i believe my card has been stolen, what can i do about this situation? it's urgent.
help! someone stole my card!
help.  i have a stolen card!
card is lost, please help
how do i report my card stolen?
my card is gone i think it was stolen
is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
i lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. will you please block the card and send a replacement?
how do i deal with a stolen card?
can you freeze my card it was stolen
help!  i can't find my card.
what should i do if i lost my card?
i need help with a lost card
i think my card was stolen.
someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on piccadilly circus. can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
i think i lost my card . i dont know how long it has been missing. can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
how can i freeze a stolen card?
what should i do if my card is missing?
my bags were stolen. i need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
somehow i am missing my card.  what should i do?
my card was taken from me
my card got lost.
some idiot stole my card.
how do i report my card lost or stolen?
my card is lost! what do i do now?
i'm in spain and my stuff has been stolen. my card was with it and i need a new one shipped and the old one frozen.
i believe my credit card was stolen.
how do i report a stolen card?
somebody has stolen my card, i need help please.
i cannot find my credit card.
are you able to locate my card?
my card got stolen!
help me please!  my card was stolen!
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
how young can i be to open my own account?
how old do i have to be?
can i open an account for a child?
how old do we have to be?
how do i go about setting up an account for my daughter?
is there an age minimum?
what is the youngest age in order to have an account?
what age do i have to be?
can my daughter open an account?
what is the minimum age to open an account?
what is the minimum age?
i am only 17. can i make an account?
could i open an account for my children?
what is the age to open an account?
how do i open up an account for my child?
can i open a bank account for my newborn baby?
how old do i have to be to open an account?
do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
if my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
how old do you have to be to get an account?
what's the minimum age for opening an account?
i would like an account for my children, how do i go about doing this?
can my children have their own account?
is it possible to open an account for my children?
do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
how old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
is there an age limit?
what are the age requirements for opening an account?
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
how old do i need to be to open an account?
what age can sign up for services?
how old do my kids have to be to use your service?
what age do my kids need to be to use your service?
how old do my children need to be to open an account?
how old does my kids need to be to open an account?
how young can someone be in order to open an account?
what is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
how old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
how do i get my pin unlocked?
where can i view my pin?
will you reinstate my pin?
i accidentally blocked my pin. how do i reset it?
how do i unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
i used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  how do i unblock?
i need help because i drunken blocked my card?
how do i reset my pin, i can't seem to use my card?
when i put the wrong pin too much, i got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
my pin was blocked, how do i make it so i can use it?
how many tries do i have to enter my pin before i'm blocked?
what should i do if i've tried to enter my pin too often?
i have exceeded the number of times i can try my pin
how can i unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
what do i do if the bank machine won't accept my pin attempts anymore?
can you unlock my pin? i think i entered the wrong pin too many times.
how do i deal with a blocked pin?
i attempted to use my card while i was intoxicated, and i failed to input my pin, and the machine kept my card. how soon can i have it back?
can i unblock my card using the app?
i'v exhausted all the of times i can try my pin
how can i unlock my pin from too many tries?
help! i forgot my pin and have been locked out of using my card.
my account is blocked, how do i log in now
why did i get blocked?
are you able to unblock my pin?
can you assist me with unblocking my pin? i put it in wrong too many times.
i entered the wrong pin too many times and now i am blocked.  help me unblock!
my pins seems to be blocked, can you unblock it please
can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
what can you do to unblock my pin?
my pin is blocked, what do i do?
can i reactivate my pin?
how do i reset my pin?
can i unblock my pin?
how do i unblock my pin?
my card's frozen, what can i do?
how can i unlock the pin?
since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
my pin is not working and i need assistance.

where can i get my pin unblocked?
are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
my contanctless has stopped working
what is required documents for new card process ?
i don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
how do i get the contactless feature to work for my card?
i tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. any ideas why?
i've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. is there a way to fix this issue?
do you know why my contactless won't work?
my contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
do i need to replace my card if it didn't work when i tried to pay contactless at the shop today?
for some reason my contactless has stopped working. i don't know what the problem is. what can i do?
i couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
contactless isn't working for me
why wouldn't the contactless payment work when i tried to pay at the bus today?
how do i check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
what can i do if contactless doesn't work?
fix my contactless
how can i make my contactless work for the metro?
my contactless is not working
can you help my fix my contactless?
for some reason my contactless won't work for me.
i'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
when i tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. how can i prevent this in the future?
the nfc payment wouldn't work on the bus today. help?
i wanted to use my card contactless but it doesn't seem to be working, what could be the problem?
how do i make contactless work
what is the charges for new card?
the contactless i have won't work.
why isn't my contactless not working?
i wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
it didnt work when i tried to pay contactless at the bus today. why?
i am not able to do contactless.
how do i use contactless payments?
help me with my contactless which isn't working.
how can i fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
how do i use contactless pay?
how do i enable contactless pay?
do i need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
how can i find out where my contactless works?
should i reinstall the payment app?
how much do you charge to accept transfers
i would like to make a transfer. how much does it cost?
i need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
if i make a top-up are there charges applied?
can i also transfer with swift?
are swift transfers accepted?
i would like to refill my account using swift.
do i have to pay for topping up by transfer?
are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
is it possible to get a transfer from swift?
do i have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
how much am i charged to receive money?
will you deal with swift transfers?
will there be any charges for money received?
will a transfer incur a fee?
are there charges for receiving a sepa transfer?
if i transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will i be charged?
will i be charged if someone needs to send me money?
what are the fees for top-ups?
will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
what are the charges for receiving money?
what is the fee to receive money?
how much am i charged for a sepa transfer?
how much is the fee for a sepa transfer?
what'll it charge me for a sepa transfer?
is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
do you do swift transfers?
should i expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
will i be charged for a sepa transfer?
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
please tell me about swift transfers at this bank.
is there a fee for transfer top-up?
can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
is a swift transfer okay?
will i be charged a fee if i receive a sepa transfer
when topping up by transfer, will i be charged?
what us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
do i get charged if i am getting money?
can you tell me the total cost of a transfer?
please help me!  i need to cancel a transaction.
can you limit my top up?
am i free to top-up as much as i want?
is there a top up limit for my account?
what is the limit to top up?
how much money can i top up?
what are the restrictions to top-offs?
are the top-ups limited?
what is the top up limit
i need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
do you have a limit to top ups?
what is maximum top up?
how can i tell what the limit is to top-ups?
is there a limit to top-up amounts?
is there any limit to the amount i can add to a card at a time?
i want to know if there is a maximum i can top up.
what is the limit to a top-up?
tell me if there are any top-up limits?
how can i top-up my limit?
is there a limit to top-ups?
can i top-up as much as i want?
can you tell me the limits for top ups?
when i top up what are the amoutn limits.
is there a limit on top-ups?
what is the top-ups limit?
are there limits to top-ups?
is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
do you have a top-up limit?
what's the top up limit?
what is the limit to top-up?
how much can i top-up to my card at a time?
how much can i top up?
what is the most i can top up?
is there a limit to how high i can top-up?
is there an amount limit to my top-up?
is there a limit for top-ups?
is there a maximum i can top up?
how can i tell if there is a top-up limit?
do you have any restrictions to my top-up?
as for limits are top ups included?
which cards and currencies do you support?
where can i obtain my virtual card?
how do you get a virtual card?
where can i find a virtual card?
is there an option to have a virtual card?
if i don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
i requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. why?
can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
where is the virtual card?
what is the virtual card
how do i get a virtual card?
where do i order a virtual card from?
why did i not get a virtual card yet?
how can i order virtual cards?
can you tell me where i can order a virtual card?
is it possible for me to get a virtual card?
is this where i order a virtual card?
what are the steps to getting a virtual card?
help me obtain a virtual card
where is the virtual card located?
where can i order a virtual card?
where do i obtain my virtual card?
i want a virtual card!
i want one of those virtual cards!
are virtual cards available to get?
can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
can i get a copy of the card by email?
where do i find the virtual card?
why do i not have a virtual card
how do i order a virtual card?
i thought i was going to get a virtual card but i haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
please help me get a virtual card.
can i order a virtual card?
where can i go to get a virtual card?
where are the virtual cards located?
i would like a virtual card- where can i purchase one?
when should i receive my virtual card?
i need to reorder my virtual card!
where can i get a virtual card?
is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
can i have one of the virtual cards?
will my card be accepted all over the world?
who accepts this card?
can i use my card for payment all over the world?
it will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts mastercard.
where can the card be used?
can my card be used everywhere?
are there any limits on where i can use my card?
what stores can i sue my card?
can i use my card anywhere i want?
is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
what are the rules to where i can use my card?
do you know where my card will be accepted?
what places can i use my card?
is my card accepted everywhere?
what places will accept my card for payment?
does this card work everywhere?


what businesses accept this card?
where can i use my card?
which outlets accept my card?
i am traveling to germany, will i be able to use my card there?
what stores will take my credit card as payment?
is there any place i cannot use my card?
will i be able to use my card anywhere?
is my card usable anywhere?
is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
can i use my card everywhere?
where is my card accepted?
where can i pay with my debit or credit card?
where should my card work?
areas card is accpeted
places i can use the card
can i make online purchases with my card?
does every place of business accept this card?
what places will accept my card?
can i use my card anywere?
will any business take this card?
will filling stations accept my card?
do i have to verify my identity?
why do you need to know so much about me
why did i need to verfiy my identity?
i cannot verify my identity
i do not have what is required to prove my identity
why doesn't the app believe i am who i say i am?
i am having trouble verifying my identity.
what do i do if my verification failed
it is impossible to verify my identity
the app doesn't know it's me.
i'm having trouble verifying my id.
app does not recognize me
help my verify my id.
the app failed to verify my identity.
i can't verify my id.
i can't prove my identity.
i am not being recognized by the app.
why isn't my id being verified?
the app will not let me into my account.
i am having trouble proving my identity.
i cannot prove my own identity.
my id won't be verified!
i can not get the app to know it is me.
i can't verify my identity.
the app doesn't recognize me.
i am having difficulties to verify my identity.
the app doesn't believe that i am me
what's with not verifying my id?
what do i need to verify my id?
i tried verifying my id, but it won't let me.
how do i show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
i am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
i a having trouble proving my identity
how long will it take for my id to verify?
why am i not able to verify my id?
it doesn't let me verify my identity.
app doesnt think its me
why am i having trouble verifying my id?
i am having issues with identity verification
the app won't let me log in as myself.
why can't i verify my identity?
why can't i verify my id?
for some reason i am having a problem with verifying my identity.
what do i do with my card pin?
is the pin delivered separately?
i do not have my pin
are pin separately?
i cannot seem to find my pin. where is it?
how do i set-up my pin for the new card?
how do i find my card pin?
is my card pin saved in the app
i don't know where to look to find my pin.
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
where in the app can i find my pin?
i just got my new card but am not sure how to check its pin.
do i need a pin
if i need a pin for my card, where is it located?
what is my card pin
and what about the card's pin?
about this card pin?
i received my card but not my pin.
why can't i see my pin?
what is the process for setting up a pin
does my pin come with my card?
where can i find the card pin?
why isn't my pin available yet?
is my pin located on my account somewhere?
please help in finding my card pin, thank you!
where is my pin number located?
i still don't have my pin.
so what about the card pin?
i cannot locate the card pin.
i need my pin
where can i find my pin?
when do i receive my pin
help me find my card pin!
is pin delivered separately?
i can not find my card pin.
what do i need to do for a pin?
why can't i find my pin?
can you let me know if visa is among the card scheme assignments?
do you use mastercard or visa?
is it possible to get a visa here?
how can i top up my account with a card?
where is my money i was using my card and it disappeared
how can i top up by card?
what is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
how do i top up my card using your app? i'm new to this.
can friends add to my account
can i top up using my car?
why can't i see my topup in my wallet anymore?
use credit card to transfer money
how do my friends top up my account
i followed the instructions to transfer money using my card, but then the money disappeared and i don't know what happened.
where's the money that got charged to my card? it's not showing up in my account balance
how can i top up?
i am missing some funds from my account - i tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
i have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
how do i transfer money using a credit card?
can i give my friends access to my account so they can top it up for me?
i did a top-up, but i'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
will my friend be able to top off my account?
is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
i tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
help me transfer money to my credit card.
i tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
how can someone add money to my account?
cannot access my top up.
are my friends able to add funds to my account?
can i transfer money to my credit card?
who else can top up my account
why is my money gone right when i attempted to top up
how do i transfer money using my credit card?
my friends want to top up my account
who can top up my accounts?
show me how to top up with my card
i topped up my card but the money disappeared.
what are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
how many transactions can i do with one disposable card?
how many times can i use the disposable virtual card i have?
i think someone is using my card to make transactions i don't remember.
someone is using my account
someone i don't know has used my card without permission.
my card was used without my permission.
can i freeze my card right now?
freeze my account it's been hacked.
there are transactions i didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
can you freeze my card because someone used it while i was out of town. i did not make these purchases.
someone is using my account to do online shopping! please freeze it asap
someone else may be using my card.  there are transactions i don't recognize.
what do i do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? i was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and i never made them. please help!
what do i do if i think my card was improperly used?
how can i stop fraud on my account right now?
i think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
i think someone else is using my card.  there are transactions i didn't make.
i don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, i think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
can i use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
my card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! someone else is using it fraudulently. can you help me freeze it?
someone has my card number, freeze my account.
i see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
it seems someone used my card! there are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that i definitely have not made! please prevent them from using it immediately!
how do i freeze my card using the app?
my card has been compromised
what should i do if i think that someone else may be using my card.
the transactions showing up are strange, i think my card was used without me knowing.
how do i freeze my account?
i'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
how do i freeze my card? i think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
i think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. what do i do now?
someone else used my card!
i believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
if i feel someone has my card information, can i get a new card?
there are a few transaction that i don't recognize, i think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
i think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
i think my child used my card while i wasn't home.
what do i do if i think someone managed to get my card information?
i think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
what should i do if i think someone is using my card.
can i use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
someone else is using my card, freeze it.
do all atms take this card?
which atms accept this card?
where is the closest mastercard atm?
is there a list of atm machines?
are there any specific atms that this card can be used at?
how do i know which atms will accept this card?
which atm's accept my card?
is there any nearby atm's?
where are the locations of atms that accept this card?
which atms accept this placard ?
help me locate the nearest atm.
what atms is the card okay to use at?
how can i find the nearest atm?
what kind of atm's can i use?
how can i withdraw money?
how many miles away is the atm?
from where can i withdraw?
which atm's will accept my card?
at what atms am i able to use the card?
can i use my card at any atms?
can i get cash with this card anywhere?

which atms accept this card?
can someone please assist me with finding my nearest atm?
are there any atm machines near me?
where is the nearest bank machine?
what type of atms accept this card?
where can i use this card at an atm?
if i have this card, which atms can i go to?
what atms can i withdraw money from?
i want to withdraw money, where can i go?
where can i withdrawal my money?
what are the atms that will accept this card?
what atms will accept this type of card?
where can i find an atm to use this card?
at which atms can i use this card?
are there certain atms that i can use this card at?
someone has taken my money and i don't know who
i was charged on my account that shouldn't be there.
there's a direct debit i wish to dispute
why was my account deducted from a seller when i didn't approve of it?
what do i do if i forget my passcode?  because i did.
i can't find my password
how do i retrieve my passcode?
my passcode doesn't seem to be working
i lost my password
my password isn't being accepted and i need to reset it.
something is wrong with my password.
something is wrong with my passcode
how do i reset a forgotten passcode, please?
i can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
can i be given a new passcode?
i do not know my passcode.
i don't remember my code to get into the app.
i no longer have my passcode.
why won't my passcode work?
can i resent my passcode?
i need to reset my passcode. how do i do it?
show me please how to reset my passcode.
help me reset the passcode.
i have forgotten my passcode to access my app
what should i do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
i do not remember the code, what should i do?
where can i reset the passcode?
i need help resetting my passcode to access my app.
what steps do i take to receive another passcode?
i forgot my password
i forgot my code to get into the app.
i have forgotten my password.
i forgot the code to access the app.
is there a way to reset my passcode?
can you help me reset my password?
can i reset my password?  i don't know what it is.
how do i reset the passcode?
what should i do if i forgot my passcode?
my passcode doesn't work
tell me how to reset the passcode.
i am still waiting for a money transfer to show
my transfer hasn't gone through yet.
i am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
how long does it take for a money transfer to show?
can you remove my account please?
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
my account needs to be deleted.
i would like to delete my account please.
what steps do i need to take to close my account?
i'm tired of all the problems i've had. i want to quit this account!
please delete my account right now!
i want to close my account
unhappy with you, how to delete account
i would like to delete my account.
i am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
i don't like your company. delete my account.
i would like to close my account.
this company is terrible! can you delete my account?
this company is bad, please delete my account.
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
i need your help in deleting my account.
the service of this company sucks, i need to terminate my account.
delete this account!
how do i get rid of my account asap?
this company isn't good, i would like to delete my account.
can you delete my account please?
i am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
please delete my account. i am not happy with the service from your company.
please terminate my account.
i am sick of this damn company and want to close out my account.
please close my account. i am unsatisfied with your service.
please delete my account.
your service is terrible,.  delete my account,
i want my account deleted!
i am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
how do i delete my account?
this company sucks! can you delete my account?
i wish to close my account. i do not like the service you provide.
can you help me get rid of my account?
i don't find your services useful anymore, how do i delete my account?
please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
i want to delete my account. i'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
can you tell me how to close my account?
this company sucks! can you terminate my account?
what do i do if an atm "stole" my card?
how do i retrieve my card from the machine?
i was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
what do i do since the machine swallowed my card. i need one.
how do i get my card back after the atm has pulled it in?
atm took my card
is there a way i can get my atm card back from the machine?
i think the atm ate my card.
the atm didn't give me the card back!
how can i get my card out of the damn atm?
the atm won't give my card back!
how can i get my card back out?
the atm machine stole my card.
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington swallowed my card. how do i get it back?
my atm got stuck and i'm not sure what to do.
the atm ate my card.
the atm won't give me my card back.
my card was confiscated by an atm. how do i get my card back?
what do i do if the atm ate my card?
atm still has my card
what do i do if an atm ate my card?
what happens if the atm doesn't give me back my card?
i can't pull my card out of the atm. help me.
i have a problem!  the atm stole my card!
why would an atm swallow my card?
my card was taken by the atm.
help!  the atm won't give me my card back.
the stupid machine just swallowed my card!! i need a new one asap
how do i retrieve a trapped card from a atm?
my card is stuck in the atm, what can i do?
i was getting cash and can't get my card back.
if my card is trapped in the atm, what do i do?
my card has been swallowed by an atm
i was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
what should i do with my atm that got stuck?
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington didn't return my card. what should i do now that the bank is closed?
there is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
i have a duplicate payment showing
i made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
what are my remedies if i think i was charged twice for the same expense?
can i verify the source of my funds?
i want information about the source of funds.
where are my funds being sourced from?
i would like to verify the source of my money
where to funds come from
what is the source of my funds.
i need to verify my source of funds
i would like to see the source of my money.
why do you need all this information about my source of funds?
how can i check the source of funds?
how can i tell where my funds came from?
what is the source of my available funds?
can i find the origination of my funds?
my source of funds need verified.
what information do you need to verify my source of funds?
i need the source of my funds verified. how do i do this?
i need my funds verified.
help me check where the funds came from.
i want to know where the funds come from.
what is the source of my money?
where can i find the source of my available money?
how can i lookup where funds came from?
can i see that history on my funds and where they came from?
i have to verify the source of my funds
how can i view the source of my available funds?
why does my money come from?
i need to validate the source of my funds.
where are my funds coming from? i need to know.
where has my available money come from?
why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
how can i see where my money comes from?
how can i check the source for my funds?
where can i see the source of my money?
what is source of my funds, need to verify
where do my funds come from?
how can i check the source of my fund?
i was charged for something i didn't expect
i purchased some makeup through a site in china, and i was under the impression that when i make transfers there is no fee.  why am i seeing this fee now?  i am not happy about this at all.
i got charged and extra fee when i transferred money so why was i charged?
can you explain the transfer fee to me?
will salary be received through this?
how can i get paid in a different currency?
can i receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
can i get my salary through this?
how can someone send me money?
is there a problem with receiving my salary in gbp?
do i need to choose gbp to get my salary deposited properly?
i get paid in gbp. should i configure this and if so, where?
is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
can i use this to receive my salary?
my salary is received in the form of gbp. do i need to do anything specific to configure this?
how do people send me money?
is gbp a supported currency?
do i need to establish i am paid in gbp before a transfer?
salary in gbp has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
how do i get my salary in the account?
what are the ways for others to transfer me money?
what different ways are there for someone to send me money?
what do i need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
how can my friend send me money?
can i directly transfer my salary onto here?
can this be used to receive my salary?
is it possible to deposit money in gbp?
i received my salary in gbp. how do i change this to my currency?
how can my friend transfer money to me?
can my friends send me money?
how do i deposit my paycheck to this account?
can i use this account to receive my salary?
can i deposit my salary to this account?
how do i get my salary through this account?
what if i need my salary in a different currency?
i receive my salary in gbp. do i need to configure this somehwere?
do you know if i can use this for my salary?
how do i get my paycheck through this?
can i transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
can i get paid in a different currency?
why didn't my transfer go through?
i've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. can you tell me what the issue is? is the system down?
can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
i tried to transfer money and it did not work.
can i do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because i am out of money?
i'm out of money, can i add money with my bank?
how do i go forth on transferring money into my account?
i don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
i don't understand the money transfer process.
i need to transfer money into my account, how do i go about doing this?
what do i need to do to transfer money into my account?
i don't know what to do. should i transfer funds. my account is out of money.
can i add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
how does tranferring money into my account work?
i need to know how to transfer money into my bank account. please help
i would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
when i want to transfer money to my account, how can i do that?
i need to transfer funds into my account. how can i do this?
what are the steps i follow to transfer money into my account?
how can i transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
i want to top my account by using a bank transfer. how would that work?
how to i transfer my funds into my account?
how do i top up my card?
how can i transfer money from an outside bank?
how can i fund my top-up account using my bank account?
what methods can i use to add money to my account?
i would like to use the bank transfer feature, but i can't find it. can you please give me the details?
how can i perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
can you explain how to transfer money into my  account for me?
i need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
how do i transfer money to my account?
how do i send my account money through transfer?
how do i do an international transfer?
are there ways to transfer money into my account?
i want to transfer from accounts in order to top up. what are the steps necessary.
how does a transfer work?
i would like use the bank transfer, but i don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
i want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. how is it handled?
i checked my account today and it said i was out of money. how do i transfer money into my account?
how can i transfer money to my account?
is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
my daughter needs a card. can i give her one of mine that's linked to my account?
my child needs a card, how can i add them to the account i currently have?
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
can i top up by cheque?
how do i top-up using cash?
can i top up with a cheque?
is it possible to top up with cash? if so how do i do it?
can you help me find top up by cash deposit?
is there an option to top up a with cheque?
need to deposit a cheque into my account
i'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. can you help me?
how do i top up my account with a cash payment?
i'd like to use cash to top up. how do i find that option?
where do i locate topping up with cash.
how do i pay by check?
can i add to my account balance with a cheque?
what type of deposits do you accept into my account?
can i top up using a cheque?
can you top-up a card with a cheque?
i need to top up cash, how do i do it?
i'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
what locations can i top up with cash?
i want to top up using cash, where can i do that?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
can i use cash to top up my account?
how can i top up with cash?
will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
how can i top up with this cheque i got?
what methods can i use to top up my account?
is cash good to top up with?
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
what can i pay with? does cash work?
how do i deposit cash into my account?
why can't i top up with a cheque?
can i send a cheque to do my top ups?
can i top up my account with a cheque?
i want to do a cash top-up
i have a cheque here, can i use it to top off my account?
i need a physical card.
what are the fees for a physical card?
how do i get an actual card?
can i get a real card?
why is my disposable virtual card being denied?
my disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
my disposable virtual card is broken.
my non-physical card will not work
why did the disposable virtual card which i used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
why is my virtual card is being declined?
are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
i cannot get my virtual card to work.
i was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. what's the solution for this problem?
my disposable virtual card will not work
i cannot use my disposable virtual card.
can i make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
why can't i use my virtual card for subscription services?
why isn't my virtual card working?
i cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
for some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
my disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. what should i do?
how can i fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
my virtual card isn't working. what do i do?
what do i do if my virtual card won't work.
is there a trick to get the disposable virtual card to work?
why can't i get my virtual card to work?
my card is just not working at this time.
my disposable card seems not to be working am i doing something wrong?
my payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
my disposable virtual card is not working when i try to use it at a point of sale transaction. what do i do now?
my transaction was just declined when i was using my disposable virtual card. what can i do?
my disposable virtual card is not working
how do i get my disposable virtual card to work?
how come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
my disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
my virtual card won't work.
tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
i used the atm machine to get money out for holiday shopping and saw the outrageous charges. why is that? i would not have used the atm if i had known!
the cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
is there a local atm that will provide british pounds, i have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  i arrive in britain. will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
can i create a disposable virtual card?
what can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
i would like to order a disposable virtual card. how can i do this?
how do vr cards work
what is a disposable virtual card?
i would like a temporary virtual card
how do the disposable cards work?
how do i use a disposable virtual card?
where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
can you explain the disposable cards to me?
is there anyway, i can get a disposable virtual card?
i just purchased a disposable virtual card. am i able to use it for online purchases immediately?
how secure is a disposable virtual card
what do i do to get a disposable virtual card?
i want to get a disposable virtual card.
can you explain disposable cards?
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
may i get a disposable virtual card as well?
can i get a single use virtual card
i would like to create a disposable virtual card. how do i go about doing that?
i have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
how does a virtual card work
what is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
what does a disposable virtual card do?
when can i order a disposable virtual card?
is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
how do i obtain a disposable virtual card?
how would you use a disposable card?
i need a disposable virtual card, how do i get one?
how do disposable cards work?
is there a disposable virtual card i can order?
where can i get a disposable virtual card?
will i be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
hello! i need to order a disposable virtual card. where can i do that at?
where do i request a disposable virtual card?
i would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
does it cost anything for exchanges?
can i exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
does it cost to exchange currencies?
is there a fee for using a european bank card to top up?
are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
will i get charged for topping off my card?
are there charges for topping up us cards?
are there fees for top ups?
what are the charges for us cards with top up.
is there an additional charge for topping up using a european card?
in exchange for top ups will you take fees?
i just topped off my card will i be charged for it?
how much does it cost to top up by card?
are there any fees if i use a european bank card for a top up?
what are the top-up fees?
how much is the charge to top up my card?
how much can i expect to pay to top up a us card?
what fee is included if i top up by card?
if i use a european bank card for top up, do i get charged?
will there be any extra fees for european bank card for top up?
will i be charged if i use european bank card for top up?
i want to use a european bank card for a top up. must i pay?
will i be charged for topping up by card?
is there a fee for topping up
what do you charge for top ups?
will it cost anything to top up a us card?
does topping up my card have a fee?
are there fees for adding money using an international card
when using a us card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
i need to use a european card for a top up, what will the charge be?
is it okay to use a bank card to top up
any fee for topping up?
are there any fees for top ups?
what are the fees of using an international card to add money?
is there a charge or discount if i use a european bank in a top up?
is their a fee for top ups?
can i top up using an international card
how do i top up with apple pay?
why isn't my top up working using my saved american express in applepay?
how do i use the top up app with my apple watch?
google pay and top up, i want it, can i get it?
what can i use to verify my identify?
what do you need to verify my identity?
i need to verify my identity, but how do i do that?
how can i verify my indentity?
what is needed to prove my identity?
what do you need for my identity check?
how do you verify an identity?
is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
i got a message that i need to verify my identity; what do i do?
are there any documents needed for the identity check?
what are the steps i need to take to verify my identity?
what do i need to verify my identity
i need to verify my identity
i need some help with identity verification.
what's the process for id verification?
i would like to know how i can verify my identity.
what kind of documents do i need for the identity check?
let me know the steps for the identity checks
what should i do to verify my identity?
what are the steps to verify my identity?
how does my identity get verified?
what things do i need to verify my identity?
what steps do i take to verify my identity?
can i verify my identity online?
do the details of my profile have to match my documents
where do i verify my identity?
when getting my id checked, what are the steps involved?
do i need anything for the identity check?
which kind of documentation do i need for identity check?
how do i go forth on verifying my identity?
what can i do to verify my identity?
what do you need so i can verify my identity?
what do i need to show who i am?
do i need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
what will i need for identity verification?
is there any way to verify who i am?
i need to know what your exchange rates are.
what is your opinion on the exchange rate?
i'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
what's the process for exchanges?
will my money be of equal value when i travel abroad?
do you know what your exchange rates are?
how do you determine your exchange rates?
how do you do exchanges?
when exchanging, how much are the rates?
how much are the rates of exchange?
how are the exchange rates for transfers calculated?
how do you come up with your exchange rate
tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer i'm planning on making is pulled from?
what is the current exchange rate?
is there an exchange rate?
is the exchange rate current?
if i need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
how do you determine exchange rates?
how do you find the exchange rate?
how's the exchange rate looking right now?
how are foreign exchange rates determined?
what exchange rate is it?
what factors effect the exchange rate?
how do your exchange rates factor in?
will i know which exchange rate i will get?
what is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
how do i know how much money i will have when i travel abroad?
i need to know what foreign exchange rate i can get.
how do you calculate exchange rates?
how do you do currency exchanges?
why is your exchange rate different on different days?
i'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
what are the current exchange rates?
how are your exchange rates calculated?
how do i know what exchange rate i will get?
how is an exchange rate calculated?
please explain the exchange rates.
where do you find your exchange rates?
what is the present state of the exchange rate?
i would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
how do you get exchange rates
what foreign exchange rate will i get?
could you please tell me your exchange rates?
how do you determine the exchange rate?
how are exchange rates determined?
do you know the rate of exchange?
does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
what exchange rates do you use?
how will i know what the exchange rate is?
from where are coming your exchange rates?
what exchange rate will i receive?
where can i find the exchange rate for my transfer?
where can i get your exchange rates from?
how do you decide what your exchange rates are?
how are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
how do i know what the exchange rate will be when i make an exchange.
explain the interbank exchange rate
what is the basis of your exchange rates?
i would like to know what exchange rates you use?
what method do you use for the exchange rate?
can you explain your exchange rates basis?
what is an exchange rate?
how is the exchange rate doing?
what is the formula for your exchange rate?
please explain your exchange rate policy.
what are your exchange rates calculated from?
do you have the best exchange rate?
what are the exchange rates you assign?
can you tell me your exchange rates?
i'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
how are the exchange rates determined?
how did you guys get your exchange rate?
what do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
what factors determine your exchange rate?
what value can i get for my currency?
what are your exchange rates at?
what's the foreign exchange rate i will receive?
what is my money worth in other countries?
what is the source of your exchange rates?
how is the current exchange rate?
how does the exchange rate work?
i want to know your exchange rates.
what is the exchange rate for eur?
i am travelling and i was wondering what your exchange rates are
what are the exchange rates?
how's the exchange rate?
does the exchange rate change?
how can i tell what foreign exchange rate i will get?
how long will delivery to the us take?
how long will it take to have my card mailed to me?
how long will i have to wait for my new card?
when can i expect delivery?
i need to get my card quickly
how long is the delivery time to the us?
how long will this take to get to me?
my card is needed soon
is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
when will i get my card shipped to me?
i placed my order a week ago. is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
when can i expect my new card to get here?
can i choose a specific delivery date?
what is the delivery time to the us?
i need my card asap!
how long until the card arrives?
how long until my card will get here?
can i have it by a certain date?
how long should i wait for the card to arrive?
how long does it take for the card to come?
what is the estimated date for delivery to us?
how long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
can you express my card to me?
how long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
if i need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
when should i expect my card to arrive?
do i have a say when it's delivered?
how long does delivery take?
what is your shipping policies for cards?
i need my card delivered as soon as possible.
i ordered my card and it isn't here yet. i need it asap. when can i expect to get it?
how soon will my card arrive?
to deliver to the us, how long will it take?
i need my card as quick as possible
can i have it delivered on a specific date?
how long will it take my card to get here?
when will i receive the card?
what is delivery speed to the united states?
how soon will i get my card?
i need to expedite my card
send me my card now! asap
when will it be delivered to the us?
how long will it take to deliver to the us?
i need my card immediately.
what is the wait time for delivery to the us?
when can i expect my card? i live in the us.
will my card be here soon?
i haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
how long is us delivery?
how long is delivery to the us?
how quickly can you get me my card?
how long should i expect to wait for my card to arrive?
when will my card come? i need it as soon as possible!
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
i'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? how long does it usually take to arrive?
how much to get my card in 2 days?
can i pay more to get it deliver quicker?
can i choose delivery times to suite me?
when should i expect to receive my card?
if i order a card when does it arrive?
i would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
what is the length of time for one of these items to come to the u.s?
how long is the wait for my card?
how long does it take for deliver to the us?
when can i expect my card to arrive?
can i have it delivered on the date i need it delivered?
i need my card soon.
can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
could i chose the date to have it delivered?
how long are deliveries to the us?
how will i get my card?
when will i receive my card?
when will my card be delivered?
how soon do cards arrive after i order them?
can you tell me when my card will arrive?
please send my card as quickly as possible.
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
can it specifically be delivered on a certain date?
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
how long will it take to get to the us?
how long does it take for something to be delivered to the u.s?
i need my card to be delivered fast
are the delivery days flexible?  my schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
can i have my card delivered on tuesday?
can i choose the day it's delivered?
i ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. when can i expect it?
how many days to deliver to a us customer?
why won't my card work.
help.  my card is broken.
my card isn't working at all. what happened?
my card will not work
i can't seem to be able to use my card
what do i do if i accidentally broke my card?
my card was declined at a restaurant today and i don't know what the problem is.
i haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. do you know what's wrong?
what do i do now that i can't use this card?
what to do if my physical card is not working?
my card is broken
did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
i need clarity on why my card is not working.
i think my card is broken or something. i tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
what are ways to test why my card might not be working?
how do i re-order a damaged card?
why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
i have not been able to use this card.
no transactions are being accepted, what's wrong with my card?
i tried to use my card today in the restaurant but it didn't work and just got declined. what's wrong?
what should i do if i can't use my card?
what's wrong with my card? the clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
how can it be that my card is not functioning anymore?
what can i do to make my physical card work?
how do i check security settings using the app?
i tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
please help.  the card won't work.
i tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. is there something going on with my account?
i am unable to use my card for some reason.
i tried using my card, but it doesn't work.
my card no longer works.
my card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
there is something wrong with my card. tried to use it a few times today in different places and it just didn't work. the transactions i tried to make were really small so not sure what's going on
why can't i use my card?
is my card frozen?
how come my card doesn't work anymore?
my card was declined at a restaurant today and i am not sure why.
can i use app to reset pin attempts?
my card don't work.
i can't use my card for anything
i cannot seem to use my card.
currently i can't get my card to work.
the card that i have isn't working. this is the physical card.
i can't seem to use my card. can you help?
what should i do if my physical card isn't working?
suddenly, my card won't work.
my card isn't working at all, i need assistance. it's really frustrating.
i am having problems with my physical card.
what is the main reason of this problem
how do i get my card to work?
why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
i think my card is broke?
what do i do if the machine rejects my card?
something's wrong my card won't work.
my card stopped working after multiple transactions. why?
how long the card validity
can you help me with my card, i think it's broke.
i wasn't able to use my card today when i went out for lunch. wondering why that is?
what do i do?  my card is broken.
i think my card is broke it's not working anymore
my card won't work at all for anything.
i seem to be unable to make any transactions.
why is my physical card not working?
my card was working but now it doesn't.
currently my card is broken.
my physical card is not working

i can't seem to be able to use my card



my actual card isn't functioning.
i am unable to use my card.
my card doesn't work when i use it.
my card won't physically work.
why isn't my card working anymore?
i can't get my actual card to work
my card seems to not be working at all.
need help to get my card to work.
my card hasn't been working when i try to use it.
how can i get my card to work?
my card gets rejected when i try to use it
i can't use my card because it is not working.
what's going on with my card? i've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
i need help with understanding why my card is not working.
why is my card not working anymore?
my card won't work right now.
my card doesn't seem to work anymore
my card stopped working. how do i check if there is a freeze on it?
how to i switch my money for the money used in another country?
i need to exchange a currency - can i do that here?
does your app allow currency exchanges between usd and gbp?
i'm having difficulties changing aud for gbp. how do i do this?
please help me.  my card is missing.
can you tell me the status of my new card?
i can't find my card!  what should i do?
my card was stolen. what do i need to do?
i need help, i lost my card
my card was stolen
someone took my card without permission
hi, i am on vacation in spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. can you block it asap and then i want to order a new one also asap.
i think my card is lost.  what do i do?
my wallet was stolen, along with my cards. how do i put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
can you help me retrieve my card?
what is the first step that i should take after my card has been stolen?
my card is stolen.  help!
what do i do if my card was stolen.
my bag got stolen with all my cards. can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
how do i deactivate a stolen card?
i misplaced my card and i dont know where the last place is where i used the card last. can you look at my account and tell me the last place i used the card?
what do i do if my card has been lost or stolen?
i need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
what can i do if i lost my card?
i lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
i lost my card. can you help me?
my card has been lost / stolen
help!  my card is stolen.
my card is lost!  please help me!
need help with a stolen card.
i believe that my card has been stolen!
what should i do if i think my card was stolen?
i lost my card, what do i do now?
i cant find my card.
who can i speak with regarding a lost card?
what are the steps i need to do if i have a stolen card?
my card was lost on vacation, i don't know where it is. can you help me take care of this immediately?
i can't find my card! can you help?
i want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and i don't want it misused. i want this handled right away.
i'm panicking!  i lost my card!  help!
my card has been stolen what do i do?
report stolen card
i thought i left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now i don't have any idea where it is. i'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. is there any way to look into this?
my card has been lost! help!
i think my card is stolen!
can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
what's the phone number to freeze a card?
my card has gone missing.
is there any way for you to find my card?
help! i lost my card!
i think my wallet fell out on the tube today! i realized as soon as i got to my desk. how do i cut off the card?
can you send me a new card and block my current one. i'm in spain and my wallet was stolen.
someone took my card without my permission.
i think someone stole my card because i can't find it.
my card is missing.  please help.
oh my god i lost my card! what should i do?
has there been any activity on my card today?
i seem to have lost my card.
i've lost my card. what can i do about that?
i lost track of my card
i left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
my card was stolen last night.
someone stole my card!
i think that the card is stolen.  what are my next steps?
help me!  i lost my card.  what should i do?
i have lost my card! what is my next step?
someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in spain. i really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
help!  i fear that my card was stolen,
how do i report my card as lost or stolen?
at what age can i open an account?
can i start an account for my kids?
how old do you need to be to use the banks services?
what is the minimum age limit?
is my child too young to sign up?
is there an age limit to open an account
how old do you need to be to open an account?
i want to open an account for my child.
what age do you have to be to open an account?
what age do you have to be?
is there a minimum age for having an account?
how old do kids have to be to open an account?
are there age requirements
can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
can i open up an account for my child?
from which age can my kids use your service?
i'd like to open an account for my children. how can i do that?
i need to set up an account for my daughter, how would i do that?
can i get an account for my daughter?
what is the age limit?
may i get an account for my daughter?
is my daughter eligible to open an account?
how old can one use your service?
do you have any accounts for children ?
as my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
how many years old do i have to be?
could i open an account for children?
hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
if i want my son to have his own account is that possible?
do you have an age limit?
at what age can my children use your service?
what is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
how old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
do you have a children account available?
is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
what is the age requirement?
would i be able to open an account for my daughter?
is there any age limit?
what would the age limit be?
is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
i have kids and i'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
what are the age requirements for service?
what is the youngest age for an account?
do you offer account's for minors?
can i get an account for my son?
how can i open an account for my children?
i have young kids. can they use this service?
what does my daughter need to open an account?
could my daughter open an account?
can i open an account for my children?
i'd like to open an account for my kids can i do that?
how old do my kids need to be to use your service?
what are age requirements for opening an account?
can my children get an account?
we want to start a college fund for my daughter.
if i want to get an account for my daughter, can i do that?
do i have to be 18 to open an account?
what is the age limit for opening a new account
whats the minimum age to have an account
how old must i be to open an account?
how old do my kids have to be use this?
how old do you have to be?
is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
is there an age limit to get an account?
what is needed for my daughter to open an account?
how do i set up an account for my children?
my daughter needs to open account.
how old does one need to be?
i would like to get an account for my child.
am i allowed to get an account for my daughter?
would it be possible to open up an account for children?
would i be able to get an account for my child?
i am 16 and just started working at mcdonalds can i deposit my checks at your bank?
do you guys have any age restrictions?
do you have any age limit?
i want to open an account for my children
am i able to open an account for my children?
how old do you need to be to have an account?
do you offer account services for children and teens?
is there a certain age i need to be?
can my children have an account?
my son has just turned 13, is he old enough for an account?
can my daughter make an account?
what is the age limit for an account?
what is your age limit?
can i open an account for my offspring?
how old do my kids need to be to open an account?
i blocked my card by mistake, how do i unblock it?
can you unblock my pin because i put the wrong one too many times.
i can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. can you help me?
can you unblock my blocked pin?
what do i do if i have exceeded all my pin tries?
i entered a wrong pin too many times. how can i fix this?
my pin number was incorrect, and i can't access it.
i forgot my pin and am blocked now. can i reset it somewhere?
i am locked out from entering my pin.
my pin has been blocked.
i tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. why isn't my pin working?
i forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
can someone help me unblock my pin?
would you please unblock my pin? i don't know why, but it's blocked.
i accidentally exceeded my pin tries.  please advise.
how to unblock my pin?
my pin was blocked.
how many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
help me unblock my pin.
how do i go about unlocking a pin?
i mistook my pin and now i am locked.  can you unlock me?
i can't input my pin again.
how do i make my pin work again?
after inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
why is my pin blocked?
where do i go to unblock my pin?
where do i find pin for my card?
my account is locked because i used the wrong pin too many times.  please help.p
what should i do if i exceed my pin tries?
my pin is unlocked, what do i do?
is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
i enetered the wrong information, i need my account unblocked how do i do that?
how can i reset my darned pin number?
if my pin number is rejected, how do i solve it?
where am i able to get my pin unblocked?
what steps do i take to unblock my pin?
how many times can i enter a wrong pin before it is blocked?
i attempted to enter my pin to many times.
i have used all my pin tries, what now?
my account is blocked because i entered the wrong pin too many times.  help me unblock.
how do i unlock my account after typing in the wrong pin too many times?
can i use app to unblock my card?
can i reset my pin if it is blocked?
i logged in wrong and am blocked, how do i log in?
my card got blocked, how do i reset?
i used my pin too many times.
i punched in the wrong pin too many times and i'm locked out.
why was my pin blocked?
please help me unblock my pin which i put the wrong one too many times.
my pin got blocked, help.
i have exceeded all my pin tries
what should i do if i have used all of my pin tries?
what is the process for unlocking the pin?
my pin was entered wrong and now i am blocked.  please unblock.

how do i unblock my pin?
what happens if i forget my pin?
my pin is locked, how do i unlock it?
i entered in the wrong pin.  please help me unlock my account.
i entered the wrong pin too many times and now i think it's blocked. what do i do?
when i was drunk i got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my pin. what do i need to do to get it restored?
i have used all of my pin tries. what should i do now?
how do i get unblocked?
guide me on how to unblock my pin
i tried my pin too many times and now my card won't work!
i managed to drunken block my card :(( help!
my pin tries have run out. now what?
how do i take a block off my card?
where can i go to get my pin unblocked?
what is the procedure of unblocking my pin?
can someone assist me with explaining how i can unblock my pin?
while i was drunk, i goofed my pin number and your machine ate my card. how can i get it back?
i may have entered the pin wrong and the account is blocked.  what do i have to do to get it unblocked.
i was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
i entered my pin wrong  too many times.
how do i unblock my card?
i cannot try my pin anymore.
what do i do if my pin was blocked?

i put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. can you help me unblock it?
where do i unblock my pin?
what's the web address to unblock my pin?
i have exceeded the number of pin attempts
i need a new pin number.
i am blocked now because i entered the wrong pin, need help.
i put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. can you help me unblock it?
i entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. can you help?
my pin can't access my card, can you help?.
too many times i entered the incorrect pin.  how can i get my account unblocked?
can i unblock my pin using the app?
i tried the wrong pin too many times.
my pin isn't working.
i cannot use my pin.
the terminal i paid at wouldn't take my card. is something wrong?
i can't get a contactless payment to work.
i'm confused. my contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that i try to use it. how do i fix it?
how do i troubleshoot my contactless?
are my contactless settings correct? i tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
any charges applicable for new card?
i was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
i'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
my contactless stopped working today no matter where i try to use it. how do i get it to start working again?
my contactless is non-functional.
help me to set up contactless payments.
why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
can i make a contactless payments?
how do i troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
what do i have to do to get the contactless to work?
how to get new card?
why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
how can i get new card?
should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
i am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
the contactless payments are not working.
why is my contactless not working?
i am having problems with my contactless.
how can i fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
how can i fix my contactless?
my contactless payments don't work.
are you going to charge me to collect the money?
do you have a fee for receiving a sepa transfer?
if someone sends me money, will i be charged?
is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
will there be a charge for topping up by account with a sepa transfer?
what is the charge for receiving a sepa transfer?
am i going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
am i able to do a swift transfer with you?
how much does each transfer cost?
what is the cost of a transfer?
does it cost me to add cash?
do i get charged if i am receiving money?
are swift transfers an option?
what is the price of a transfer?
will there be a fee if i receive a sepa transfer
is a swift transfer acceptable?
what are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
what should i expect to be charged on a sepa transfer?
if i were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
i want to do a swift transfer
do you take swift transfers?
will i be fined for topping up by transfer?
would i be able to use swift transfers?
to receive money are there charges?
are swift transfers supported?
is there a fee for swift transfer
what are the additional charges for a swift transfer?
how much does a transfer cost?
why do you charge for transfers?
do you receive swift transfers?
are there fees for receiving a sepa transfer?
are there topping up fees if i have to transfer?
is there a fee to top up by bank transfers?
how much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
will i receive all the money sent to my account by sepa transfer?
do you charge anything for topping up?
am i charged if i make a top-up?
what are the charges for recieving sepa transfers?
what does it cost to receive a sepa transfer?
will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
am i able to do a swift transfer?
does this program take swift transfers?
will i be charged for receiving the money?
do you process swift transfers?
are there any charges for receiving money?
what does a transfer cost?
is there a top up fee?
how much will it cost me for a sepa transfer?
how much would it cost me if i transfer?
does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
do you offer swift transfers?
if i top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
do i get charged if i get money?
am i charged for receiving money?
is there a charge for receiving money?
what is the fee to top-up my account
will i be charged for a top off transfer?
can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
what is the charge to make a transfer
can i transfer from swift?
is there a charge for transfers?
what are the charges for receiving a sepa transfer?
are swift transfers available at this bank?
is there a fee to make a transfer?
for topping-up is there a charge?
can i transfer money using the swift service?
can i do a swift transfer?
how much does it cost to top up by transfer?
do i pay a fee for sepa transfers?
how much does it cost to do a transfer?
can i transfer using swift?
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
will i be charged for topping up by transfer?
how much does it cost to make transfers?
how much will i be charged for making a transfer?
can third party fees affect a transfer?
will i be charged any fee for receiving money?
is there a top up fee for transfer?
is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
do you charge for transfers?
how much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using sepa?
are there any fees associated with receiving money?
hi , i just came to know i made the wrong transaction  yesterday. would  you please make it correct?i need it by tomorrow.
please help me cancel a transaction.
there's been a transaction to the wrong account.
i entered a typo when i was transferring money and now i've sent it to an incorrect account.  this is so bad!  i need it cancelled now.
i would like help to revert a transaction i did this morning
how to cancel a transaction
what's the amount that i can top-up?
can i create my own top-up limit?
how many top-ups can be approved?
how much is ok for me to top up with?
is there a limit for top up?
do top-up limits exist?
are top-ups unlimited?
will you set a limit to my top-up?
tell me if there is a limit to top-up.
can i top up?
what is the top-up limit?
what is the maximum i can top up?
are there limits with top-up?
do top-ups have a limit?
what is my top-up limit?
what are limits to top up
it seems i need to get information on limits for top-ups.
whats the max i can top up
is the top-up amount unlimited?
can i top-up any amount i wish on any given day?
i need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do i do that?
what is the maximum for top-ups?
what number of times can i top-up?
what is the highest amount of top ups i'm allowed?
what's the top-up limit?
is there a maximum for top-ups?
how much is the limit for top-ups?
how many top-ups am i allowed to do?
what is the highest amount i can top-up?
can i use as many top-ups as i want?
i need someone to assist me with explaining how much i can top-up.
what's the maximum amount i can top up my card with please?
tell me if there is a top-up limit.
what is the maximum top up?
what is the daily limit on my card?
are there any top-up limits involved?
what is the max i can top up?
are there any top-up limits?
how often can i top up?
do top-ups have limits?
what limits are the to top-ups?
how many times can i make a top-up?
is there a limit on how much i can top up?
what amount can i top-up?
how often am i able to top-up?
tell me about the limit for top ups.
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
can i set my own top-up limit?
can you tell me the limit for top ups?
is there a limit to top up
can i increase my top-up maximum?
is there a top-up limit that i have to stay under during a given period of time?
what is the most that i can top-up to a card?
how many top-ups can i use?
how much can i top up in a day?
is there a topping up limit?
is there a limit to how much i can top up?
would i be able to top up as much as i can?
do i have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
what is the limit for top-ups?
how can i information on my limit for top-ups?
how much could i top up?
what's my limit for topping up?
is there a limit to how much i can top-up?
do you have any top-up limits?
what is the top-up limit for my card?
how often can i top up my account?
is there a limit for the amount i can top up?
what is the max amount of top-ups?
how much can i top up on my card?
is there a limit to my top-up?
what kind of cards an currency do you support?
i have a second credit card from the us. will you take it?
what currency can i use to pay for a top up?
which cards are accepted for topping up?
what cards and currencies can i use to top up my account?
help me use american express to add money to the account.
i haven't received my virtual card.
how come i didn't get a virtual card yet?
when will i get a virtual card? i haven't gotten one yet
where is my virtual card?
how can i obtain a virtual card?
how do i go about getting hold of a virtual card?
i need to order a new virtual card, how do i do that?
how to access my virtual card
why haven't i gotten a virtual card yet?
and do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
where can i order my virtual card?
where are the virtual cards?
i would like to order a virtual card.
is there a way to get a virtual card?
i would love one of the virtual cards!
i'd like like to know where i can order a virtual card?
do i get to have one of those virtual cards i've heard about?
i need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
how can i locate the virtual card?
i'd rather not use my physical card, how can i get a virtual card?
why have i not received a virtual card yet?
please let me know how to place an order for a virtual card
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
can i use my app to get a virtual card
where do i find a virtual card?
i want to get a virtual card!
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
want to know how to get virtual card
when will my virtual card arrive?
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
where is my virtual card located?
how do i access the virtual card?
how come i did not get a virtual card yet?
i look but i see no virtual card. why is that?
i did not get my virtual card yet, why?
where can i have a virtual card
i need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
how to i go about getting my virtual card
how can i receive a virtual card?
where do i get a virtual card?
how to get virtual card
what is the best way to get my virtual card?
please explain to me the process of getting a virtual card.
i have lost my card, but need to place an online order! how do i get a virtual card instantly?
where do i go to receive a virtual card
i can't find the virtual card
how do i get to the virtual cards?
i'm interested in getting a virtual card.  how do i get one?
i've got to have one of those virtual cards.
how do i get a virtual card on my device?
how can i sign up for a virtual card?
where do i order a virtual card?
how do i get my virtual card?
how long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
how to order a virtual card
i want one of the virtual cards!
why haven't i been given a virtual card yet?
i want to get my hands on one of those virtual cards!
i need a virtual card
where do i have access to a virtual card?
i'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
how do i go about getting a virtual card?
explain the virtual card
my virtual card has not came yet!
i ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
hello, what is a virtual card and how do i get one?
i need my virtual card
which part of the app do i order virtual cards from?
i would like to order a virtual card, where can i get one?
is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
can you assist me in acquiring a virtual card?
what is a virtual and how do i get one
i have yet to receive my virtual card
i heard you have virtual cards. how do i get one?
can you help me find the virtual card?
are there virtual cards
where would i order a virtual card?
what is the virtual card and how can i get one?
at what places accept my card?
where can i pay with my card?
what businesses can i use this card with?
what is the atmosphere of it
who accepts the card?

where can i use my card?
do all businesses take this card?
can i use this card at any store?
are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
is my card denied anywhere?
this card is accepted by what businesses?
what places accept my card?
can i use my card wherever i want?
which merchants accept my card?
what are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
which merchants accept this card?
can i tell what business will take this card?
where can i use my mastercard?
how can i know where my card will be accepted?
are there businesses that don't accept this card?
is there a list of where i can use my card?
will this card work all over the world?
can i use my card for online payments?
where is card accepted
are there any restrictions on where i use this card?
where can my card be used?
is there anywhere i can't use my card?
will my card work at all merchant locations?
is my card valid everywhere?
can i use my card anywhere?
is my card accepted anywhere?
any place that takes mastercard would be fine.
is there restrictions on where i can use my card?
which establishments will accept my card?
what kind of businesses will take my card?
are there any places that won't take my card?
where do i pay with my card?
where can i use my card to pay?
where can i use this card?
where do i pay with my debit or credit card?
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
why do you need so much id info from me?
why am i being asked to verify my identity?
can i use my account without verifying identity?
do you need to know my first and last name?
what if i don't verify my identity?
why am i unable to verify my id?
i am having a problem proving who i am
my identity can't be verified.
why isn't my id verified?
i don't have the means to prove my identity.
i am not recognized by the app.
what proof do you need for my identification?
how long does it take to verify a person's identity?
my identity wasn't verified
i am having trouble verifying my id.
what should i do if i can't prove my identity.
this stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
i am having a problem with verifying my identity.
i dont have identification
what do i do if i can't prove my identity?
my identity is unable to be verified.
what am i missing to verify my id?
i am unable to prove my identity
how come i can't seem to verify my id?
i'm having problems with id verification
the app does not believe that i am myself
how long will it take to verify my account?
i'm having trouble proving my identity
how long does it take to prove my identity?
the app is telling me that i am not me.
help me verify my identity.
the app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  if this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. they need to be readable.  you must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to open an account.
i can get my identification verified.
i'm unable to verify my identity
it won't let me prove my identity.
there is no way for me to prove my identity.
why can't my id be verified?
what do i have to do to prove my identity?
the app doesn't believe its me.
why is my identity not verified?
the app doesn't think that i am myself
my identity verification is not working.
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
what's wrong with my id? i can't verify it.
why hasn't the app verified my identity?
why is my identity not being verified?
my identity can't be verified for some reason
i am not able to prove my identity
the app does not recognize who i am.
if you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.you will hear from us once we have it.  please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the economic area of europe or in switzerland in order to open an account.
it can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  please try again if your verification fails.  make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. you have to be 18 or older and live in the european economic area or live in switzerland to be able to open an account.
my app says that i'm not verified.
help me verify my identify?
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
i need help verifying my identity.
why isn't this accepting my identity?
i have trouble proving my identity.
i cant prove who i am
are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything i've provided is factual?
i do not have the information to verify my identify.
help me verify my identification.
i have no way to prove my identity.
problem verifying my account
why hasn't my id been verified?
why am i not allowed to verify my id?
i can't verify identity through the app.
the app failed to verify my id.
my identity isn't being accepted, what should i do?
i am having trouble to verify my identity
what do i need to bring for identification?
i can't verify my id. why?
i can't upload my identification.
i'm not sure how to provide my identity.
i'm having a hard time proving my identity.
the app doesn't believe that i am myself
why isn't my id verifying?
can you help me with proving my identity?
i'm still waiting on my identity verification.
the app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
i'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
i will not be able to verify my identity.
why does it take so long to verify my id
hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  if verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. note: these photos need to be readable as well.  you also need to be 18 years of age or older.  you must be a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to open a new account.
the app doesn't think it's me.
my identity verification isn't working
where is my pin? i don't have it yet
how do i set up my card pin?
i haven't received my pin
the card pin?
can i create my own pin right away
do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
is my pin sent separably?
i haven't received my pin yet. do i need to get it from you?
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
so, the card pin?
how do i get a pin?
can i go into my app to find my pin
i do not see the card pin anywhere?
i cannot find my card pin
how long does it take for me to get my pin
how do i know what my pin is?
wheres my pin
when do i set up my card pin?
i do not have my pin yet
where should i look for my pin number at?
how long do i wait for my pin
where is my pin?
i havn't received my pin yet.
the card pin is not visible anywhere?
how do i locate my pin now that i have my card?
where is my card pin?
when do i get my pin?
will the pin come separately?
where is the pin for my card located?
is the pin separately delivered?
what can you tell me about the card pin?
how do i request the pin?
i can't find my pin anywhere.
show me where i can see the pin?
where's my card pin?
how do i find the pin?
i haven't received the pin yet.
i didn't get a pin yet. what gives?
how is the pin delivered?
is my pin the same as my passcode
where do i find my pin?
where is the pin number found?
is my pin recorded anywhere?
i can't find the pin.
tell me about the card pin?
how do i find my pin number?
i am yet to receive my pin.
where can the pin be located?
i have a question regarding the pin of the card?
i have my card, when whill my pin be available?
in the app, where do i find my card pin?
i have yet to get my pin
do i have a card pin?
i don't have a pin at this point.
i signed up, but don't have a pin. where can i find it?
where can i get my card pin?
how do i set my physical card pin?
i am not able to see the card pin anywhere?
where can i find my card pin?
explain the card pin to me.
how do i get a pin for my card
where can i locate my card pin?
i dont have a pin
help, i don't know what the pin is to my card?
where do i find my card pin?
i've been waiting ages and my pin hasn't gotten here.
i have not received my pin yet
i'm looking in the app and can't find my pin, where should i look?
how do i find my pin?
in regards to the pin of the card?
i cannot find my pin.
when do i get my card pin?
why have i not received my pin
i'm not sure what to do about the pin, because i don't have one yet.
how to get card pin?
how is my pin sent?
can you tell me how to locate my pin?
can i choose between visa and mastercard?
i would like a visa card.
i need a visa and a mastercard from you.
is there a way i can have a mastercard?
will i get a visa card or mastercard?
can i get a visa card?
will i get a visa or mastercard?
the money disappeared after i topped up my account.
what's the process for topping up my card?
how do i go about transferring money using my credit card?
what's the process for topping up by card?
can i add other people to my account, so they can top up?
how do i top up on my card?
i can not see my top up
can my account be topped up by my friends?
i used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
can friends i have top-up my account?
can i allow other people to top up my account?
is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
how do i transfer funds directly from my credit card?
why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
will my friends be able to top up my account?
can a credit card be used to transfer money?
how do i use a card to top up?
i don't understanfd how to top up
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
top up not available in my wallet.
with my credit card i would like to transfer money.
i used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
can my friends top up my account?
hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
transferring money using credit card
i topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
where did my top-up go? i can't find it in my wallet
the money disappeared when i tried to use my card to top up.
i don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
how do i add money to my card?
i don't see my top up in my wallet.
is it possible for friends to top up my account?
i need my card topped up,
i tried to get gas but my money was gone!
show me how can my friends top up my account.
how do i top up using my card?
top up by my card is that possible?
what information am i going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
can other people use the app to add money to my account
can somebody else top up my account?
i tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared
why can't i see the top up i made?
my top up isn't in my wallet.
my wallet isn't showing my top-up, did i do something wrong?
how can i transfer money using my credit card?
i tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
show me how to top up
how can my friends top up my account?
how do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
my card needs to be topped up.
why can't i see my top up?
can you tell me how to top up on my card?
i need to top up by card.
i can't see my top up in my wallet!
can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
i tried to top off using the card, but the money just disappeared?
i want to transfer money with my credit card.
i attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
i used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
can i let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
if i want a friend to top off my account, can they?
i have a new card. how do i top it up?
can other people top up my account?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
is it possible to top up by card?
am i the only one who can top-up my account?
i wasn't able to use my top up card because the money i put on there wasn't there anymore
i'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
i want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
my money i had was gone and i could not get gas!
how can i use my credit card to transfer money?
i was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
on my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
what are the details of disposable card limitations?
i have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
how many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
how many payments can i make using a virtual card?
i need several disposable cards made per day.
what are the limitations on the disposable cards?
my card information seems to have been stolen! i don't know where these transactions came from and i've never even been to the city where they were made. i need my card blocked asap so this person can't keep using my card.
i froze my account, but how do i order a replacement card?
what should i do if someone else used my card?
i think my card has been used by somebody else since i was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. please stop this right away.
what do i do if i believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
i have some transactions on my account i did not make. can you cancel my card and prevent further use.
i didn't make these transactions. is someone else using my card?
what can i do if my card details where stolen from my car? i think they used my card to buy gas.
someone hacked into my cards account.
should i order a new card before i freeze my original one?
how do i order a replacement for stolen card?
what do i do if i think someone has used my card?
i want to cancel my card. i think someone else is using it.
can you check about unauthorized use of my card, i think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill i see that this has happened. there are transactions that i never made from a place i've never been to.
i think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that i have never been to. i need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
someone else might be using my card without my permission.
i think someone may be using my card.
someone might be using my card that is not me.
there are charges on my card that i haven't purchased.
someone besides me might be using my card.
how do i stop fraud to my card?
questionable transactions on my account.
my card info was stolen, what do i do?
my card data has been exposed.
i see some transactions that i don't recognize.  i think someone stole my details.
what do i do if i detect fraudulent use on my car?
what steps can i take if someone else is using my card?
someone might have had access to my card.
i am not sure but someone else might be using my card
someone is making transactions on my account, i think they took my card information.
i believe that someone is using my card without my knowledge!
someone has been using my card. there are unfamiliar transactions on there. can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
someone used my card without my permission.
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
i think someone else is using my card.
there's a possibility that my card was compromised.
what should i do if i think that someone might be using me card?
i think my account has been hacked there are charges on there i don't recognize.
i think that somebody is utilizing my card without my authorization!
my statement shows charges for things i never purchased. were my account details stolen?
what should i do if i think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
what should i do if i think someone is using my card without my permission?
think someone is using my card with permission
there is unusual activity on my account and i believe someone took my card.
how do i stop fraud to my account?
card is being used by someone else
i have transactions that i don't recognize - i think someone is using my card.
my card was used without my permission, what do i do?
i might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
there are strange transactions on my account.  what should i do if i think someone stole my details?
there are transactions that i don't remember making, i think someone might have gotten my card details and is now using it.
i can't be sure, but i think that someone may be using my card.
how do i report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
what to do if my card has been used without my permission?
i sees some suspicious spending on my credit card that i don't recall i had made. what should i do?
my card was stolen and used to make several purchases. please freeze my card so no one can use it.
how can i tell if someone else is using my card?
i think someone is using my card without my permission!
there are transactions that i don't recognize. what do i do if i think someone is using my card?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
my wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  help?!!?
am afraid someone may have gained access to the info on my card.
i noticed my card was used in a small town that i have never been to. can you stop the card from being used more?
there are fraudulent charges that i didn't make on my card. can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
someone must have found my card details as i don't recognize these transactions.
my card must have used my card as there are some transactions that i haven't done myself..
can i use my card to withdraw from my account?
where are the atms that i can use mastercard?
how do i know where i can get money withdrawn?
which atms accept mastercard?
what atms can i use this card?
where is an atm?
where are the atms that accept this card?
can i use my card at an atm?
which atms accept this circuit board ?
what cash stations take this card?
can i get money out of any machine?
do i have to use bank approved atm's
what atms use this card?
how do i know it is a mastercard atm?
i need to know where i can withdraw money.
i need to withdraw money. where can i do that?
what are the locations i can withdraw money
where can money withdrawals be made?
can this card be used at all atms?
where can i find a mastercard atm?
what atm accepts mastercard?
where is the closest atm to me?
please provide me a list of atms that accept my card.
how many atms will take this card?
i need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest atm.
what is the closest atm?
need to know places i can withdraw money
where can i get money from my card?
how can i find an atm that accepts this card?
where can i withdraw money from?
can i use the card at any cash machine?
which atms take the card?
can i use this card at any atm?
what atm machines allow this card?
are there specific atm's that i can draw money from?
where is a atm that accepts mastercard?
can i use my card in another institutions atm?
which atms am i allowed to get money from?
where is the closest atm i can use?
is this card accepted by atms?
what locations can i get money from?
can you tell me where i can withdraw money?
i need an atm right now!
is there a mastercard atm nearby?
what atms can i use my card at?

where can i withdraw money from?
where can i do a cash withdrawal?
do all atms accept this card?
will this card work at any atm?
can you tell me the atms i can use with my card?
tell me what atms take this card.
are there specific atm's i can use with this card?
which atms accept this bill of fare ?
where can i find an atm?
where can i find mastercard atms?
are there only certain atm machines where i can use this card?
is the closest atm to me within 2 miles?
do i have to use a bank approved atm to withdraw money?
which locations can i withdraw money from?
where are the mastercard atms?
i can use this card at which atms?
i would like to dispute a direct debit payment
there is a direct debit payment on my account that i didn't authorize.
what can i do about a direct debit transaction on my card that i didn't make?
i see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
my account shows i made a debit payment to someone that i can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
i would like to dispute a payment i didnt make
my account was charged a debit payment i don't recognize.
i see a direct debit that i didn't authorize
help! i've forgot my app passcode!
i used to know my password, but not anymore.
is there a way to recover my password?
where do i go to reset the passcode?
i forgot the code i need to get into the app.
where do i go to reset my passcode?
i thought i knew my password but i guess i was wrong, what can i do now?
can my password be reset if i do not have it?
i'm locked out of my account as i can't remember my code, what do i do now?
i've forgotten my app passcode completely.
i can't get into the app with the passcode.
how do i reset my password?
i am unaware of what my password is.
please help me.  i don't know my code to get into the app.
i don't remember my passcode?
i need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
what do i do if i can't access my passcode?
i cannot remember my passcode.
passcode retrieval
help!  i forgot my password.
what do i do if i have forgotten my passcode?
i've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
i have forgotten my passcode
not sure what my password is.
what do i do if i forgot my passcode?
what are the steps to reset my passcode?
i forgot the passcode on my app.
is there a way to reset the passcode?
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
i lost my passcode.
my password doesn't work.
i am entering my passcode but getting an error.
i want to reset my passcode, how can i do that?
i think i forgot my passcode
how can i reset the passcode if i need to do that?
how can i change my password?
i don't remember my password
i think my passcode was changed
what are the steps for changing my passcode?
i can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
how do i change my passcode?
how can i reset my passcode?
i forgot my code
i can't find my code
i do not understand why my pass-code is not working.
i don't know the code for the app.
i can't remember my password.
i forgot my password to get into the app!
i tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. can you help?
need a new passcode.
my passcode won't work.
i forgot my passcode. now what?
my passcode is not being accepted
i don't know my password anymore.
where can i get a new passcode?
i am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
i can't log into my account because i lost my password
can you lookup my password?
my passcode was denied.
how can i go about resetting my passcode?
can someone help with my passcode?
i seem to of forgotten my passcode.
i can't log in with this passocde
i lost the code and can not get into the app. help!
i can't remember what my password is
i need to reset the passcode.
i cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
i can't enter my passcode.
why doesn't my passcode work?
i can't access my account.
i've forgotten my passcode. can i reset?
how do i get the passcode reset?
i happened to forget my password
help me!  i don't know what my password is.
i don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
what is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. sepa transfers typically take up to two working days, while swift transfers can take up to five working days.
why is the transaction not posting?
i'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
my payment shows that it is pending will i be charged more money?
there is a transfer pending.
the transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending. when will it go through?
how long will the transfer take?
delete all of my account information and my account right now.
can you delete the account?
remove my account immediately.
i need to terminate my account immediately.
the company is no good, please terminate my account.
how do i close my account?
help me delete my account.  i am not satisfied with the service.
i don't want this account anymore, how do i delete it?
i am looking to delete my account. i'm not happy with the service provided by you.
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
i'm dissatisfied with the service and would like to terminate the account.
i no longer want this account, what should i do?
i am not happy with your company. please delete my account asap.
i am upset with your service.  please delete my account.
please delete this account.
i am asking to end my account.
i want to close my account & i will never do business with you again.
terminate my account please
please help me delete this account.
delete my account now please.
i want to terminate my account
can you close my account please?
i no longer want to keep this account.
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
please delete my account now.
make my account go away
what are the steps to finishing up with this account?
i need to delete my account.
what's the process for terminating an account?
please delete my account immediately.
how can i close my account?
i would like to cancel my account.
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
i need to terminate my account.
how to i close my account?
how do i delete an account?
your company is lame. shut down all my account services right now.
i would like to delete my account now, please.
i want to close my account now.
i want to close my account. the service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
i want to end my account
i am not satisfied with your service.  close my account.
how do i close my account, since i'm dissatisfied?
this is terrible, i want to delete my account
i'm not happy, i want to close my account.
i want to stop my account
how do i delete my account now
this place has been too much work so i'd just like to close out my account & be done.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
help me close my account.
your service is bad.  close my account.
i need you to delete my account now.
i want to cancel my account.
i would like to invalidate my account.  i am very disappointed with your services.
i don't like the services, please close my account
close down my account.  i don't like your service.
i am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
are you able to delete my account?
help me terminate and close my account.
i want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
how do i delete my account? i am dissatisfied with the service.
what steps do i need to do to delete my account?
i'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
i want to delete my account. how do i do this?
unhappy with service need to delete account
how can i delete my account?
i need you to delete my account right now.
delete my account please. now!
where do i go to terminate my account?
i am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  i want to cancel my account.
i want to close my account due to poor customer service.
how do i cancel my account
i hate this company! can you delete my account?
i'd like my account to be deleted. i'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
i would like to close my account, as i'm not happy.
how do i deactivate my account?
i am dissatisfied, i would like to close my account.
is it possible to delete the account?
i'm not happy with the services i'm getting with this company. can you please delete my account?
can you please disable my current account.
i am not satisfied with your company.  close my account.
tell me how to delete my account.
i want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
i am trying to delete my account.
i want to deactivate my account.
how to delete account, not happy
what do i do?  the atm took my card!
i can't get my card out of the atm
how do i get my card back after the atm swallowed it.
i need a new card because the atm took mine.
how do i get my card back quickly from a bank machine that it?
what should i do since my card is trapped in the atm?
my card is stuck in an atm machine, how do i get it back quickly?
my card is stuck inside the atm, what am i supposed to do?
lost my card in atm
i was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
i didn't get my card back from the atm.
my card is stuck inside the atm.
a bank atm did not give my card back. what do i do now?
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
i was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
please help, the atm swallowed my card, what do i do?
my card got trapped inside an atm, what should i do?
what do i need to do if the atm kept my card?
what do i do after the atm takes my card.
what do i do if i can't get my card out of the atm?
the atm didnt return my card!
the atm at metro bank on high st. kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. how do i get back a card swallowed by an atm?
who do i talk to about the atm swallowing my card?
the atm machine would not give my card back
an atm swallowed my credit card!
why did the atm take my card and keep it?
what do i do if the atm took my card?
i have lost my credit card in the atm!
what are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the atm?
will you please help me get my card back?
the atm did not give me my card back?
please send a new card; the atm ate mine.
what should i do with my stuck atm?
how do i get my card out of the atm?
the atm machine ate my card.
the atm stole my card!
an atm machine didn't return my card.
my card was eaten by the cash machine what do i do?
what should i do if the atm eats my card?
why did the atm swallow my card?
i think there is a mistake.  i am being charged twice.
hello. i checked my transactions and saw i was double charged for a restaurant visit. can i get my money back?
i was charged two times for the same thing.
why does a payment show up twice?
i have been double charged
i am concerned that i am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  please review my statement and correct.
i got charged twice
i have been charged twice for the same thing!
where can i see where funds came from?
where to i get my funds from?
i need to know where do my funds come from
can i see the source of my available money?
i need to verify the source of funds.
please verify my source of funds.
can i see where my money came from?
how can i find out the source of my available cash?
i need to know this, where do my funds come from?
how can i check to see where my funds come from?
help me find where this money came from
can i see money source?
my funds must be verified
where is this money from
how do i know where my funds come from?
can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
where did my money come from?
are there steps to see where my funds come from?
where did my funds come from?
can you tell me where my funds come from?
my money, where is it coming from?
who can put money in my account?
i need to see where my money came from.
i want to know where my money comes from.
want to know where funds come from
why do i need to verify my funds?
how do i see my source of funds?
what kind of security protects my money?
where can i get the info for my funds
how can i receive verification for the source of my funds?
is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
i want to know the source of my funds.
i would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
i need to trace a deposit
i require verification for my source of funds.
my source of funds require verification.
my source of funds need verification.
i would like to verify my source of funds.
show me the source of my money.
what do i do to verify my source of funds?
how can i find the source for my available funds and money?
can i trace where my funds came from?
how can i lookup the source for my available money?
how do i track the moeney
where can i see where my funds came from?
what is the source of the money in my account?
what do i need to see my source of money?
can i check to see where the funds came from?
please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
can i see my available money?
is there a way to see where funds come from
what do i need to do to verify my funds?
what is source of my money
i need to know where my funds come from.
i would like to know where the funds are at.
where do my fund come from?
how will i know where my funds are coming from?
how do i see the source of my money?
where can i find out where my funds came from?
how can i look at where my available cash is coming from?
how do i know where my money comes from?
i have to verify my source of funds.
can i track history on funds?
need to verify source of funds
show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
can you tell me how i would go about learning where my funds came from?
where are the transfers originating
how do i verify my source of funds?
can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
how do i verify the source of my funds?
can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
where can i check to see where the money in my account came from?
how can i prove the source of my funds?
where can i find my fund information?
how can i tell where the money came from?
how can i tell the source for my available funds?
is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
where is my top-up generated from?
is there a way to view the history on where my funds came from?
where exactly does money come from
is there a way i can see source of money?
where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
why am i seeing a fee for transferring money?
i transferred money, but i think i've been charged a fee for it?
i've use this account all the time, including over this past month, to pay for things from my new place abroad. i'm a really good customer, so why do i suddenly have new fees? i should be rewarded instead of charged more fees.
during the last month i used this account to make payments for my place abroad. i noticed the fees have increased and i wonder why. shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
someone that i had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount i sent them - can you look into this?
are transfers not free? i didn't know i would be charged for transfers.
can you please explain why i was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
i got charged a fee for transferring money.
i've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. i noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. as a frequent customer, shouldn't i be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
i was charged a fee for a transfer. where did it come from?
what if i need my salary in another currency?
what will i need to configure if my salary is in gbp?
who can send me money?
my salary is in gbp, is this something i need to configure?
what are the steps for my friend to send me money?
i received my salary in the wrong currency. how do i change this?
how can my boss pay me directly to the card?
how do i receive money from someone?
can i directly deposit my salary to this account?
what currencies can i receive my salary in with this?
how can people transfer money to me?
can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
can i have a friend send money directly to me?
which foreign currencies can i get transferred into my account?
can i transfer money using a different currency?
will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
can i get paid for this in another currency?
my salary is in gbp, do i need to exchange it before putting it into my account?
how to receive transfers from my employer when i get paid in gbp?
do i need to select a preference to receive my salary payments in gbp and, if so, where?
my salary is received in the form of gbp. is it necessary to configure this? if so, where is this done?
is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
how can i receive money from someone?
is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
can friends send me money?
my salary comes in gbp can i change my options somewhere?
can i use a different currency with my salary?
how can my friend send money to me?
how do i know what my account is set to, i am paid in gbp?
can friends transfer money to each other?
can i receive payment in another currency?
my friend wants to send me money, can she?
can my husband open an account and transfer money
do i need to convert my currency from gbp before transferring?
do you support direct deposits from my employer?
can i use my salary for this?
can i get payed through this system?
how do i transfer funds if i am paid in gbp?
please show me how my friend can send me money.
how can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
can i transfer my salary if its in gbp?
can my friend send me money?
i would like to receive my salary in a different currency. how does that work?
can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
will my employer be able to pay me with this service
may i get my salary paid out in a different currency?
i received a transfer in gbp how do i change it to a different currency?
can i receive payments in another currency?
am i allowed to use different currencies?
what can i use to receive my salary?
salary in gbp has been received. does it need to be configured into another place?
how can i receive my salary with a different currency?
can i receive money in a different countries money?
how does one send me money?
what do i need to do to get my salary through this?
i was wondering, can i get my pay in another currency?
i need my payment in another currency
i would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
how can i receive money?
my salary is deposited in gbp. do i need to choose the currency?
how can i receive money from my friend?
do i need to add my salary?
can i receive my salary with this in another currency?
how can i receive my salary in another currency?
is it ok for a friend to send me money?
can i use a transfer to receive my transfer?
why hasn't my transfer gone through
i tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
hello.  i ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  i was trying to send money to some friends but when i tried to send it, the transfer failed.  i don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  please let me know what is causing the problem.  thanks.
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
i need assistance completing a transfer. i'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. i keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. what is going on here?
i really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. i'm trying to send money to a friend. please help.
i'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. i want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. can you help me?
i couldn't make a transfer
what is happening?  i have tried to transfer money 5x already.  is the system down?  this shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
the transfer keeps failing , i tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, would you please check the issue?
how can i move money from my account at a different bank to the account i have at this bank.
how can my account have money transferred into it?
i need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
what process should i use to transfer money into my account?
i need to transfer money to my account from another bank
i have zero dollars in my account. can i submit additional funds via bank transfer?
i have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
can i top-up my card using a bank transfer.
i am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
i am out of money in my account and i was wondering if i could do a bank transfer is put more in it?
i would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
can i use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
i need more money in my account. can i add more by transferring?
can i transfer money to my account with the app?
how do i initiated a bank transfer to top up?
how can i transfer money between accounts?
how do i transfer money into my account?
what transfer methods do you accept?
what is the process for transferring money into my account?
how do i transfer money between two of my accounts?
i want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
i want to op up my account by using bank transfer. how do i go about it?
i want to transfer money into my account
how do i top up my account with a bank transfer?
how can i go about transferring money to my account?
i want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
how do i transfer cash my into my account?
i have money in a foreign account that i want to send to this account.
for my account, how do i transfer money in?
i want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account i have into this one
what is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
my money is all gone. what ways are okay to add money to my account?
how can i transfer some money into a foreign account?
tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
i want to transfer money into my account, what do i do?
i have an account at another bank, but i want to transfer some of the money to my account here.
.
i need to add money to my account. can i do so via bank transfer?
i need to transfer money into my account, and i don't know how to do that.
show me how to transfer to my account
how do i transfer money from one bank account to another?
account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
how can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
i would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
how do i go about transferring money into my bank account?
i need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
my account is devoid of funds. am i permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
how can i link my bank to my top up account?
can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
i would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
how do i go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
i need to deposit money to my account
what are my bank details so i can do a transfer?
how would i use a bank transfer for topping my account?
i was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works.  can you tell me about that?
how do i top up?
i need money put into this account from another one.
i want to top up by transfering accounts, what do i do?
can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
how do i top up my account using transfer?
can i add money to my account via bank transfer?
i need to move money from another bank to this account.
what currencies can i use to top up my account?
whats the transfer process
how can i transfer money into my account?
i'd like to know how transferring my money into my account works.
how is my money transferred to the account
i can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
i would like to transfer money into my account.
can i withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
how can i transfer money to this account from another bank?
i have no more money in my account.  is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
how does your app transfer the money
why can i not transfer money into my account?
can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
how does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
what can i expect if i use bank transfer to top up my account?
how can i move money from an account at another bank to this one?
would i be able to get a second card?
are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
i need another card for a member of my family. is this possible? how soon can i get one?
do you charge for sending more cards?
where do i order additional cards?
i need two cards. is this possible?
is there a charge for getting more cards?
are extra cards free?
i'd like to get another card
i am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can i make this happen?
will there be a charge for sending out more cards?
where can i deposit cash to top up?
how do i top-up my card with a cheque?
can i cash deposit to top up my account
how do i get top up with cash deposit
i need to top up using a cheque
where do i top up?
i'm trying to use a cheque to top up
i got a cheque that i want to top up with?
do you accept cash?
is it possible for me to top up with a cheque?
how can i put more money into my account?
may i transfer a cheque into my account?
how do i use a cheque to top up?
how can i top up with a cheque?
why can't i top up by cheque?
i would like to pay by cheque.
can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
can i use cash to top up
can i purchase with cash or cheque?
who do i make a check out to if i want to top off my account?
no option to top up with a cheque ?
how do i use cash to top up my account?
where can i deposit a check
is topping up with cash allowed?
i'll send a check to top up my account
where is the option to top up with a cheque?
can i deposit a check?
what are my payment options for topping off my account?
is it possible to top up using a cheque?
i would like to use this cheque to top up.  can you tell me how to do that?
can i write a cheque to top up?
where can i find top up by cash deposit?
help, i need to top up my account. where do i send a check?
what is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
what are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
is there anyway to use a cheque to top up?
how do i find top up for cash deposit
how can i fill up my gas tank using a check?
how would i top up with a cheque?
is it possible for me to top up with cash?
can i use a check to get gas?
can i top up using my cheque?
i would like to use cash to make a top-up?
is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
can i top up my account with a check?
how do you top up with a cheque?
is there somewhere i can send a check to add to my account?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
what is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
i tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
how dp i top up with a cheque ?
can i only top-up digitally? or could i use cash?
can i top-up by cheque?
can i use a cheque to top up my account
where would i find top up by cash deposit?
i can't find how to top up my account with a check.  where is that?
i want to deposit my check to top up my account
how do i use a check to top up?
i want to top up my account with a cheque
can i deposit a check here?
i wish to be able to top up with cash.
can i mail in a check to top up?
i would like to top up with check
how do i top up with a cheque?
can i top up with check?
where do i go to top up with cash?
will i be able to top up by cheque?
can i add money to my account with cash?
where do i find how to top off with a check?
i want to use cash to top up.
can i top up online?
can i use a check to top up?
can i top up my balance with a cheque?
do you take checks?
do you accept cheques for top ups?
i need a hand here, i need to top up cash.
how do i add cash to my account?
is there such thing as top up by cheque?
what's the procedure for getting a card?
what locations are cards delivered to?
can i get a new card?
will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
can i get a physical card online
do i get a real card?
is there a fee to order a physical card?
what is the cost for physical cards?
i need to get a card, how do i do that?
is a physical card also available
i would like a  physical card sent to me.
my disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
my virtual card is just not going through.
the virtual card won't work.
what do i have to do to get the virtual card to work?
i can't get my virtual card to work at all
what is the reason i got rejected for using my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym?
please help me.  my disposable virtual card won't work right.
is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
my virtual card isn't working.
virtual card won't work for me
my virtual car is not working.
i received my virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. why did this happen and what can i do?
i cannot get my virtual card to function.
i can't get the virtual card to work
help me get the virtual card working.
i tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. any ideas why?
why is my disposable card not working?
i can't get my virtual card to work.
i can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
i cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
i cannot get virtual card to work
i tried using a foreign currency at an atm, but the atm provided me an incorrect rate. why is that?
i got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
i traded some of my money from my native country into an atm to exchange for foreign currency, and the money i received was a different equating amount!
i noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
using international atms messes up the exchange rate.
the wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal
you've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
the exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
the atm i used for foreign currency provided the wrong exchange rate.
i made an atm withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized i was charged an exorbitant fee!  i never would've made this withdrawal if i'd known i'd be charged so much.
the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
the disposable cards, what are they for?
are there virtual disposable cards?
do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
what are disposable virtual cards?
what is the process to create a disposable virtual card?
how do i get a disposable virtual card as well?
how do i use disposable cards?
how does a disposable virtual card work?
can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
can i get a virtual card online
i would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
can you tell me where i can order a disposable virtual card?
can i get a virtual card
how to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
can you point me in the right direction of where to go to roder a disposable virtual card, i can't seem to find it.
how do the cards work?
can i use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
i want to make an online purchase but i don't want to use my credit card. can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where i can apply for one?
how would i use a disposable card?
tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
how can disposable cards be used?
do you have the option for a disposable virtual card?
the disposable cards - what are they for?
where do i get a disposable virtual card?
i need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
what are these disposable cards meant for?
please explain how disposable virtual card work.
can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
can i get a disposable virtual card?
i need to get a disposable virtual card?
i have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
what is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
how do i know if i need a disposable card?
how can i create a disposable virtual card?
please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
why would i need a disposable card?
in what way can i use the disposable cards?
how can i go about getting a disposable virtual card?
is there a disposable virtual card?
how do i receive a disposable virtual card?
is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
how do i order a disposable virtual card?
how can i get disposable virtual cards?
i want a virtual card that is disposable
is there a disposable virtual card option?
please explain how i use the disposable cards?
i want a disposable virtual card, how do i do that?
what is the function of the disposable cards?
where do i get a disposable card
what can you use the disposable cards for?
how do i create a disposable virtual card?
can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
what are the disposable cards used for?
what systems do you have in place for my security when using my card for everyday purchases?
why use a disposable card?
can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
i need a disposable virtual card.
can i order a disposable virtual card?
i'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
how can i get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
how can i get a disposable virtual card?
how much is the exchange fee?
is there an extra charge to exchange different currencies?
i wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
is there a charge for exchanging foreign currencies?
i need to exchange some foreign currency. what's the charge for doing that?
is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
are there any exchange fees
please tell me what the exchange fee is.
how high is the exchange fee?
what are the charges if i exchange foreign currency?
are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
is there a fee for topping off a us card?
are there any charges for top ups?
is there a fee for european bank cards?
will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
i was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
what is the fee for topping up by card?
are there any charges for topping up a us-issued card?
are their fee's for top ups?
what options do i have when topping up a us card?
is there a fee for topping up a card?
should i add money via bank transfer instead
is there a charge for top-ups?
do you have any fees if i want to add money using an international card.
will i see fees from adding money with an international card?
what do you charge to top up us cards?
would i be charged any fees if i added money to my account using an international card?
will you charge me for topping up with a european card?
can i get information on topping up?
what is the fee for topping up a us card?
is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
what top up charges are there for us cards?
will i be charged a fee to top up using a debit or credit card?
i am worried about fees for top up cards?
is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
does it cost money to top up?
do you charge a fee for adding money in usd?
what is the top up rate charge for using a card in the us?
is there a top-up fee if you add money in usd?
how much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
are there charges for using a bank card to top up
are there any charges for topping up my card?
is there a top charge for us cards?
how much does it cost to top up a us-issued card?
how should i add money to my card
do you have any card fees if i want to add money using an international card?
does it cost to top up my card?
are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
do i have to pay extra if i use an international card to top up my account?
is it free to add money to my card
will i be charged a fee for topping up using a european card?
will there be extra charges regarding to adding money into my international card?
is usd free to top up with a us card?
how much does it cost to add money to my card
are you going to charge me to top up my card?
how much do you charge to top up us cards?
what do i need to know about topping up?
how much does top up fees cost?
what fees to you have for top ups?
what fees are charged when i top up
what fees are there for adding money using an international card
will i get charged for topping up with an international card?
will you charge me more if i top up with an international card?
when i add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
how much is the fee for topping by card
what is the charge for topping up a card?
does it cost anything to top up?
is there a charge for using an european bank card for top up?
is there a fee to add money to an international card?
is there a fee when i add money to my international card?
will i get charged fees when i add money with an international card?
what is the fee if i use a european bank for a top up?
is topping up free?
is it free for top ups?
will i be charged for topping up?
can i top up for free using a european card?
will you charge me if i top up by card?
do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
do i get charged if i top up with my european bank card?
how much is the charge to top up via credit card?
do you charge if i use a european bank card for top up?
are there top up charges for us cards?
if i add money with an international card, are there any fees?
will i be charged for adding money using an international card?
how much does it cost to us us cards?
if i were to use a european bank card for a top up, will i incur a charge?
does it cost to add money to my card?
i want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
is there a fee to top up a us card using a debit or credit card?
what are the top up fees for using an european bank card?
do i get charged for a top up from a european bank?
can i add funds directly from my apple watch?
hi, i have an apple watch. how do i use it to top up my card?
can i pay for my gas using my apple watch?
how can i top up using google pay?
what can i do if i got my american express in apple bay but top up is not working?
does apple watch support the topping-off of my account?
my google pay top up isn't working.
google pay isn't working. what is wrong?
how can i top up with my apple watch?
am i able to do top-ups with google pay?
can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
if i'm getting my identity verified, what all do i need?
what do you require to verify someone's identity?
what documents are required for proof of identity?
how and where can i find the identity checks?
what do i use to verify my identity?
how do i fill out the identity check?
how can i prove i am me?
what do you demand for identity verification?
why do i need to show id
what documents do i need to verify who i am
for the identity check, do i need any kind of documentation?
which documents do i need for this identity check?
what are the requirements to verify my identity?
can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
what forms of id work for verification?
explain how to verify my identity?
where do i go to verify my identity?
with what can i verify my identity?
please tell me how i verify my identity.
what is the identity verification process?
what are the steps of verifying an identity?
can i verify my identity i the app
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
what documents do i need to get together to verify my identity?
what documentation do you accept for the identity check?
how do i prove i am who i am?
what proof of identification is needed?
what type of id do you accept?
where do i go to fill out the identity form?
for the identity verification, what do you need?
please tell me the steps to verify my identity.
how do i verify my id?
what are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
how do you check my identity?
let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
i have to verify my identity. what do i need to do?
if i don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
can i get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
i don't know how to verify my identity.
what is necessary for the identity verification?
can i use my social security card as a form of identity?
how can you assist on verifying my identity?
show me how to verify my identity?
what do i need in regards to identification?
what do i need for the identity verification?
where can i verify my identity?
i'm not sure what i need to verify my identity.
what steps do you take to check identity
what all is needed for the identity verification?
i'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
can you tell me what i need for identity validation?
what am i going to need in order to verify my identity?
how can i prove who i am?
what documents do you need to verify my identity?
why do i have to show my id
i need to verify my identity. how do i do that?
what do i need for the verification check?
what documents do i need to validate my identity?
what forms of id do you need for identity verification?
what has to be done to verify my identity?
what is needed for identity verification?
how do i perform identity checks?
why must i prove id
do i need any kind of proof for the identity check?
what are the steps for the identity checks?
how do i complete the id check?
where can i go to find out how to verify my identity?
how do i change my identity?
what will i need to verify my identity
i'm trying to verify my identity but can't figure out how, what do i do?
what are the steps for identity checks?
how do i go about verifying my identity?
on what do you base your exchange rates?
what will my exchange rate be?
how is the exchange rate calculated?
how do the foreign exchange rates work?
what is the system for determining the exchange rate?
where do you get those exchange rates?
what is the exchange looking like?
how can i find your exchange rates?
is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
what are you exchange rates?
where does the exchange rate stand right now?
how does the exchange rate work on this app?
your exchange rates are coming from where?
where can i find your exchange rates?
i need to know about exchange rates
what do you think of the exchange rate?
where are you getting your exchange rates from?
how do you decide what the exchange rates are?
what are interbanks current exchange rates?
could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
what foreign exchange rate will i get on weekdays and on the weekends?
your exchange rates come from where?
i would like to know what your exchange rates are.
what is the delivery time for us?
how long is the delivery to the us?
i'd like to have it delivered on saturday.  is that possible?
when shipped to the us how long is delivery time?
when can i expect to receive my card?
are you sending me my card?
can i get my card fast tracked?
is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
when are cards shipped?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
when will it get delivered?
can it be delivered on a certain date?
i need my card right away.
can i choose when my card is delivered?
what's the earliest time to receive my card?
can i specify a day for my card to be delivered?
give me my card, i need it now!
how long is a delivery to the us?
when can i expect my card?
how long does it take for a card to arrive?
help! when will the card arrive at my home?
when will my card be here?
how long does it take to receive my card?
today i used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. why?
my card doesn't seem to work.
how do i check security settings on my card?
what is the reason for that
please help me!  my physical card isn't working right.
what do i do if my card is not working?
how do i fix a broken card?
out of the blue, my card stopped working.
the card is non-functional.
for a week now, i have tried to use my card and it is still not working.
can you tell me why i can't make any transactions?
what's going on? my card wont accept any transactions.
why won't my card accept any transactions?
i can't get the card itself to work.
how long to take the time to solve
my card is not working.
my card is not working when i try to use it.
today i was out eating and my card was declined. why's that?
how do i fix my card if it is broken?
what do i do if my card gets broken?
can you tell me what the problem with my card is? it was declined at a restaurant today.
what should i do if my card doesn't work?
why won't my card work anymore?
what should i do if my card is stolen?
my card is missing!  help!
are you able to guide me to my card's location?
my card is missing.
what should i do?  my card has been stolen!
how do i replace a stolen card?
i lost my card n need a new one.
i think that my card has been stolen!
help, lost my card
a fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
i can't find my card, it is lost.
how can i report that my card was stolen? i made a police report first.
could you please freeze my card immediately?
what do i do if my card is stolen?
i need to report a stolen card
my card has been stolen. i reported it with the police, but i need to report it with you as well.
could you assist me in finding my lost card?
is there a limit for age?
what are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
what is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
how old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
what's the youngest i can be to open an account?
how old do i need to be?
is there any way i could open an account for my daughter?
can my teenager have an account?
what is minimum age for an account?
at what age can a person open an account?
my daughter needs an acount.
do you have to be 18 to make an account?
what about my children?
can i make an account for my daughter?
can i make an account for my kids?
how do i open an account for my children?
is there an age limit for opening an account?
how old do you have to be to open an account?
what are the age limits for your service?
can my children open an account?
what is the process for setting up and account for my child?
do you have a limit for someone's age?
what do i do to unblock my pin?
is there a way to reset my pin?
i forgot my pin number.
can i unblock my pin in the app?
my pin has been blocked, what should i do?
i tried my pin too many times
i locked myself out of my account, how do i unblock my pin?
after putting in the wrong pin too many times, i was blocked. can you assist me in changing it?
i must have entered my pin wrong.
i forgot my pin and now it is blocked.
how come i got blocked for entering wrong pins?
my pin is not working, can you help?
i accidentally put in the wrong pin too many times and now i need to unblock it. can you assist with this?
my pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
can you unblock my account?  i entered the pin wrong.
how can i unblock my pin?
how can i get my pin unblocked?
i need my pin unlocked.
what do i do if i forgot my pin?
my pin seems to be blocked, help me access it?
help me unblock my account.  i entered the pin wrong too many times.
what do i have to do to get my pin unblocked?
what if i type in the wrong pin too many times?
i have a contactless that's broken.
how many days processing new card?
what is the reason when i tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
my contactless stopped working today for no good reason. it's not working no matter where i try to use it. can you please help me fix it?
i need help fixing my contactless. it's not working anywhere i go today.
how come when i tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
i've tried using my contactless in several locations today and it's not working anywhere. it seemed fine before. how do i get it to work again?
does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
will i be charged for adding money by transfer?
can i use swift transfers?
will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
will i be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
what kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
will i be charged a fee for a sepa transfer?
is there a charge for getting my money?
am i going to be charged for receiving  money?
am i going to see a charge for a sepa transfer?
i want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will i be charged?
if i top up by transfer, am i going to be charged?
what is the handling fee for transfer?
what would i be charged in receiving a sepa transfer?
will i be charged to top off my account?
do you accept swift transfers?
what are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
is there a fee for a sepa transfer
if i were to transfer, what would the cost be?
i'd like to make a sepa transfer to my account, but will i be charged?
is there a charge for sepa transfers?
how much is it to receive money?
is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
do i need to use a limit on top-ups?
do you limit my top-offs?
are there any top-up limits that i must follow?
i would like to know how much i can top-up.
what is the top-up limit on my cards?
limits on top ups
what's the limit to how much i can top up?
what is your maximum top up limit per day?
can i top up any amount?
what is the most money i can top up?
is there a top-up limit?
do you limit my top-ups?
is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
how much am i allowed to top-up?
whats the limit on my top up
is topping up unlimited?
what are the rules for a top-up?
can i top-up any amount?
what is the greatest number of times that i can top-up?
what is the most i can top-up?
where can virtual cards be ordered?
where can i find the virtual card?
where's my virtual card
i would like a virtual card...how do i get one?
please tell me how i can get a virtual card.
can you give me a virtual card?
how long will it take to receive a virtual card?
i haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
is it possible to order a virtual card?
where can i sign up for a virtual card?
how do i receive a virtual card?
i don't have a virtual card - how do i get one?
can i have a virtual card?
how can i go about ordering a virtual card?
what do i have to do to get my virtual card?
what is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
is there an alternative to a physical card?
i haven't received my virtual card yet!!
how to receive virtual card?
why have i not yet received my virtual card?
can i pay with my card anywhere?
are there any restrictions to where i can use my card?
do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
where is this card accepted?
what retailers accept my card?
can i pay online with my card?
do you know which businesses will accept my card?
you accepts my card?
can i use my card no matter where i go?
in which stores can i shop with this card?
what businesses accept this card?
are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
i'm having trouble with proving my identity.
i am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
the app is not able to realize that it is me.
my identity verification didn't work
i need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
help my prove my identity.
i am not able to verify my id. why?
how long does it take for my id to verify?
why is my identity verification process not working?
the app is having trouble verifying my identity.
i don't have a way to prove my identity.
the app failed to verify me.
you will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  if these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  you need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of switzerland or the european economic area to create an account.
unsure how to provide my identity.
i'm not able to verify my identity.
it won't let me verify my identity.
the app won't identify me.
everytime i try to prove my identity it won't let me.
i am having some difficulty verifying my id.
the app does not know it is me.
why am i unable verify my id?
where can i find my pin? i haven't gotten it yet.
my card arrived but i don't know how to get my pin.
i cannot see the card pin anywhere?
is the pin sent in another message?
can you deliver the pin separately?
where is the card pin located?
what's my pin number?
does the pin come under separate cover?
my pin isn't here yet
still need to get card pin
how do i get started when i get my card?
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
how will i know my pin number?
where do i find my pin for my new card?
i don't know my pin, how can i find that out?
how will i receive my pin?
where can i locate my pin at?
where is my pin located?
is my pin the same thing as my passcode?
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! how do i cancel it or get a new one?
i need my pin, where is it?
i haven't been sent my new pin!
what do i need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
can i top up by card?
when i tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
my money disappeared right when i tried to top up
i need to transfer some money, can i use my credit card?
i tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
my top up is not showing up in my wallet!
can a friend top up my account
can anyone else top-up for me?
my friends would like to add to my account. what is the procedure?
my wallet is empty even though i topped it up an hour ago.
my wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
how do i use my card to top up?
what do i do to top up my card?
i used my card to top up, but now i don't see the money in my account.
i want to top up by card
is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
do i have to top-up with my credit card before i can transfer?
i want to transfer money using my credit card.
can i get my friends to add money to my account?
i cannot tell what my top up currently is.
what do i do if i think someone has used my card without permission? i can see a few transactions i don't recognize.
my card has been compromised. i see a bunch of online shopping charges that i didn't make. i need to freeze it immediately.
i think that someone may be using my card, but i'm not sure,.
i think my card has been compromised in some way.
there are transactions that i did not make on my account, i think someone has my information.
i just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. i login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. i need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
what do i do if someone used my card without my permission?
somebody used my card without my knowledge!
it looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should i do?
how do i report fraud on my card?
someone might be using my card.  what should i do?
there are a few transaction that i don't recognize, i think someone managed to get my card details and use it.

i think someone has hacked my card!
am suspicious of my card's security
what should i do if i think there are unauthorized transactions?
i don't recognize some transactions.  is someone else using it?
i suspect someone used my card.
the card has suffered a security breach.
are there any atm's near me that accept this card?
what atms can i use my card?
is there a way to find an atm around me?
where is a mastercard atm?
what atm locations are near me?
which atm's can i use to make a withdrawal?
what's the closest place to withdraw money?
how far is the closest atm from me?
how do i withdraw money?
what atms can i use this card at?
what locations allow me to withdraw money?
what kind of atms would this card be accepted at?
will any atm's decline my card?

at which atms can i use this card?
where is the nearest mastercard atm?
what atms take this card?
i was just going over my transactions for the past couple of months and noticed a large type charge that i know i did not make. even though it's been a while can i please still dispute this?
there was a direct debit transaction i have don't think should be there.
i can't log in
i need a new login code
how to recover my passcode
i don't have my passcode to access the app.
what can i do if my passcode won't work?
what should i do if i don't know my password?
can you help me reset my passcode? i forgot it.
lost password
i can't remember my passcode.
can you tell me my code to get into the app?
instruct me how to reset the passcode.
help me.  the passcode doesn't work.
how can i reset my passcode ?
what is my password?
i don't remember my login code
i happened to forget my passcode
i would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
are there directions to get a new passcode if i forgot mine?
i can't recall my password.
how long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
how long do eu transfers actually take? i recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
what do i do to close my account?
i want to delete my account.
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
please delete my account and personal information.
i need to close my account as soon as possible.
please delete account
how do i terminate my account.
i would like to terminate my account.
i need to delete my account, please.
i want to inactivate my account.
the service here is horrible, i want to delete my account.
i wish to remove my account.
this company is bad, delete my account now.
i'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  i would like to end my services and delete my account.
cancel my account
i am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
how can i close my account, i don't want it.
i'd like to delete my account.
i need to close my account.  your company is terrible!
how do i discontinue my account?
how do i shut down my account and get out of this company?
i would like to delete my account. i'm not happy with the service you're providing
i cannot get my card out of the atm.
how can i get my card out of the atm?
what do i do if the atm swallowed my card?
your machine took my card. how do i get it back?
atm ate my card
my card is stuck in the atm?
the atm took my card.
the atm won't give me my card back. i need it back now!
the atm sucked my card in.
how do i get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
what do i do now my credit card has been swallowed by the atm?
what happens with the duplicate charge in my account?
i was charged too many times for one transaction.
how can i know where did my funds come from?
what is the source of funds for my money?
is there a way for me to check my balance?
who is giving me my money?
can i see where my funds come from?
where do my funds originate from?
need to know where money comes from
can i see where my money is being transferred from?
verify my source of funds?
what source do my fund come from?
is there a way to see my money's source?
how can i find out where the funds are flow?
where can i see money source?
i would like to know where my source of funds came from.
how can i verify my source of funds?
what information do i need to see my source of money?
where do i go to see the source of my available money?
where do my available funds come from?
where can i see who sent me funds
how do i find out my source of funds?
what are the sources for the funds in my account?
i did a transfer.  what is the extra fee?
i noticed a charge for a transfer.  why is this?  is it because i did an international transfer?
can i transfer my paycheck to the account?
can my friend send me money if it is not in us dollars?
can i transfer my payroll to the bank?
can my job deposit my wages directly into the account.
how can i configure what currency my salary is in if it's in gbp?
how can my friend give me money?
can this app take my salary?
what methods are available for my friend to send me money?
will my gpb update my salary
are there ways for other people to send me money?
my friend would like to send me money. what are the options available to them?
am i able to receive my salary this way?
my salary is in gbp - what should i do?
can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
how do i get money from friends?
what do i need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
i am paid by my employer in gbp; do i need to do anything in the app to indicate this?
i tried to make a transfer like five different times. why won't your system let me? is it broke?
my transfer failed when i tried.
i need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
how do i go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
how does it work when i transfer money into my account?
please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
i want to transfer money from another account into this one.
i am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
how do i transfer money from my bank account?
can i transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
can i use my bank account to send me more money?
how can i deposit money to my account?
can i transfer money i the app
i need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
how do i use bank transfer to top up my account?
where can i find out how to transfer money into my account.
how can i add money to my account from another account i have?
i need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
how do i deposit through bank transfer?
i have an account that is empty of funds. can i transfer some from another bank?
is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
can i get a second card for free?
what physical locations can i use cash to top up?
do you accept cheques for top-up?
i want to do a cash deposit to top up. how do i do this?
can i top up with cash
can i use check to top up
how can i top up my account with a cheque?
i can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
where do i look for cash top up?
if i need to top up with cash where should i look?
how do i top up with cash?
can i use check to deposit?
what's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
can i add to my account using a cheque?
i want to top up by cheque
how long before a check i send clears?
where's the button to top up with a cheque?
how do i top up by cheque?
what types of top-up methods do you accept?
what apps can i use to top up my account?
how can i add money to my account if you don't accept cash
will a cheque suffice?
i would like to get a physical card, but i don't know how. can you help me?
where do we mail the card?
my disposable virtual card was rejected.
my disposable virtual card got rejected
my throwaway virtual card won't work
my disposable virtual card isn't working.
i tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. what can i do to fix this?
how do i get this damn virtual card to work?
can i use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
over the holiday i withdrew cash from the atm and it seems that i was severely overcharged. had i known that i would be charged those fees, i would not have used the atm!
do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? i don't have any money on me and i'm on holiday so i'm concerned. also, will i be charged anything to do this?
what do the disposable cards do?
can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
please send me a disposable virtual card.
will you tell me how i am supposed to use the disposable cards?
is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
what is the disposable card for?
i need a disposable virtual card. please tell me how to order one.
please tell me about disposable cards.
i don't understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
how do i request a disposable virtual card?
can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
how can i obtain a disposable virtual card?
when will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
do i need a disposable card?
how about disposable virtual cards?
what can i do with a disposable virtual card?
i would like a disposable virtual card, could i get one?
what are the disposable cards for?
what's the exchange fee?
is there a fee for exchanging currency?
is there any fees for top ups?
is there a charge to use a top up card in the us?
how much are you going to charge me if i top up my us card?
are there any charges for european bank card for top up?
european bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
what are the fees for using a european bank card?
which us cards have top up charges?
i topped off my card is that something you will charge me for?
will you charge me more if i use a european bank card for a top up?
what are the charges for topping up us card?
how much for topping up by card?
how much is it to use my us debit or credit card to top up?
will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
i need to top up, but i have to use an international card.  is there a cost for that?
if us cards have a top up charge, what is it?
i am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
are there still fees for european top-ups?
if i top up using a european card is there a charge?
what are the top up charges for all us cards?
i need to know what charges i will incur for using a european card for top up.
is there a charge for topping up by card?
is top-up possible with apple pay?
can i top up an apple pay?
what do i need for the identity check?
what are the steps to verify identity?
how do i go through the identity checks?
what do you require for identification verification?
what form of identification is accepted?
how do i verify my identity online
i was told to verify my identity, how do i do that?
what documentation is needed for the identity check?
what do i need to do to perform identity checks?
can i verify my identity?
can i get information on the identity checks?
how recent do my documents need to be for verification?
for the identity check, what kind of documents do i need to have?
hi! what documents can i use to verify my identity?
what steps do i need to take for the identity checking process?
what are all of the different steps for identity checks?
what works for identity verification?
what id do i need to verify my identity?
how do i verify my identity?