why can i not take out cash?
i was charged extra when i made a cash withdraw, why?
i need to cancel my recent transfer. i made a mistake. please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
i transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  could you please help me?
why was my atm withdrawl declined
it's requiring me to verify my identity?
how long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
can you tell me how to change my pin?
there are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
why did the atm give me less money than what i requested?
i made a transfer from france a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet. how long does an international transfer take?
is there a way yo change my pin?
can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
is there any limits i should know about if i'm going to use a disposable virtual card?
what are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
is there a charge for cash withdrawals? i always thought it was free.
i travel a lot, can i get a bulk currency exchange discount?
what kind of fees will i pay when i transfer?
is there a problem with the payment that i see is still pending?
there is a transaction showing in my app that i did not make as i have not used that card all day.  please reimburse this amount to my account.
can my pin changed remotely without visiting a bank?
how can i get another card?
why has another fee been placed on my statement?
what currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
the correct amount of cash was not received.
what does it mean when it says that i have a payment that is pending?
i am having trouble withdrawing cash.
i was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
it appears my transfer was declined.
is there a fee for transferring money
why do i need to verify the top up?
what is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
hi, last week i have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
can i use both visa and mastercard
why didnt my top up go through
i paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
i don't have a password.
i made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this, what should be done
can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
my friend has not got the money i sent last week.
the exchange rate i got for cash was wrong
i don't understand why my payment was declined. i thought everything was ok.
my balance doesn't show my deposit.
a transaction shows duplicate times.
i desperately need to transfer something from china, please give me the wait time.
my transfer is failing when i try to do it.
i have a transaction that shows multiple times.
how do i start an exchange between gbp and aud?
i would like to get both mastercard and visa card from you if that's possible.
there are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. what's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
why was i charged a higher exchange rate when i bought something abroad?
why was i declined from getting cash?
i cannot view the refunded amount in my account.
could you explain your rules for atm fees?
is there a way to undo a transaction?
can i change my pin at a nearby atm when in spain? i think someone saw my pin and i need to change it but am on vacation.
with what currencies can i add money?
maximum how many days get the courier?
my card is due to expire soon.
i would like to use top-up with my apple pay.
i want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
i have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
hey i need help urgently. i just realised i sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! please cancel it immediately, i can't do it anymore from the app
i can't see a verification code anywhere
why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
i need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
the correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item i purchased.
why did i get charged for a transfer?
my money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. i am positive it was deducted out of my account. please get this sorted out right away.
it's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
can i have the item refunded?
can i use google play as my primary app to top up?
is it possible to get a new card in china?
i got married and need to change my name.
how limited is a virtual card?
why didn't my transfer complete?
how can i check if i have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
if there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
why is there a fee on a card payment?
do you accept any card and currency?
is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
what do you do to transfer money to my account?
can you assist me in activating my card?
does this app exchange currencies?
what countries can i use my account in?
i need some help, i thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? it won't seem to let me do it. i put money in my account and now it's gone and i didn't spend it. where did it go??
my top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. what's up with that?
how can i cancel a transfer i made
i requested a refund directly from the seller but i still don't have it. i just want you to send me my money back. i did what you said to do and i still don't have it.
i tried to top up my account and it didn't work
why was the price higher when i paid with my card?
there is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
how long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
hello, i just checked my card transactions and saw that i was charged twice for a restaurant visit i did earlier this week. is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
can we skip verifying?
is there a reason i was charged an extra fee for using the atm?
i think that the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last saturday - i was charged extra.
i am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
a payment is showing twice. why is that?
can i track when my card will be delivered?
do you know when the withdrawal will show?
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
i didn't initiate a direct debit that i see on my account
what information do i need to gather in order to activate my card?
my top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
what caused my transfer to fail?
i'm stuck here at your broken atm and i don't know what to do next. asked for 30 pounds, got 10. atm said i got 30. something very wrong here and i want my money now!
my card is not able to be activated how do i get it to work?
i disagree with a charge
why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
how long will a transfer be pending for?
i have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
what sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
do you know the process how to activate my card?
i need to know if you will accept my credit card.
will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
do i need to order a new card before it expires?
hello, i noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that i am not familiar with. i definitely did not make this payment.
do i have to go to the bank to change my pin?
i was under the impression that you offer crypto top up; however,  it doesn't appear to be working. the money has now disappeared from my account so i need to know what the deal is?
i don't know why my card payment did not work
how many digits identify the top-up verification code?
the app declined my top up. what did i do wrong?
i was told that withdrawing cash from the atm is free, but i'm charged a fee. why is this?
i noticed an extra pound charge?
i was declined when i tried to take out cash!
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
how long will it take for my top up to work? it's still pending
how much do i need to pay for a transfer?
how many days until my us transfer arrives?
why isn't my topup working?
i think my card payment has been refunded
what is the charge for paying with my card?
how can i check how much free spending i have left? i have some big purchases coming up and want to know where i can look for any info.
there is a cash withdrawal on my statement that i don't recognize
it won't let me activate my card.
my money hasn't been deposited yet. when will it be?
how long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
has my top-up been cancelled?
i am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
how do i top up by card?
what are the restrictions on auto top-up?
can i pick between visa and mastercard?
how long does a transfer take?
why did i get charged a fee for my transfer?
my top-up has been reverted and i would like to know why.
i want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
how long does eu transfer take? i bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
what payment methods are used to top up?
i was expecting my new card by now.
i have a direct debit i didn't set up
can i still use my account without verifying my identity?
was i charged more than i should of been for a currency exchange?
my card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. i ordered it two weeks ago. what can i do?
how do i add the card i just received to show up in the app?
how much does it cost to get more cards?
can i get a visa instead of a mastercard?
is there a limit on the number of times i can use a disposable card?
it looks like a payment i've made hasn't made it through yet.

why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
what fiat currencies can i use for holding and exchanging?
i didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. it still says that it's pending so i re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
i tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! i thought it was supposed to?
there are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. what's going on with this?
how to receive the actual card
do exchanges cost more?
how long do top-ups take to go through
what is the exchange fee that is charged?
please tell me how to verify my top up card.
how do i get a card if i live in the us?
i changed my mind on something i purchased through you and i need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. can you help me please?
my cash withdrawal was short.
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working on my device?
the amount of cash i selected to withdraw is different than what i received.
i am unable to get cash from the atm
i had a seller reach out to me saying my money didn't come through to them, but i'm sure it was removed from my account. can you figure out what the deal is here?
can i use an auto top-up option?
how can i cancel my transfer?
why was i charged for cash withdrawal?
if my card becomes expired what can i do?
pending transaction?
there was money taken out of my account, and i'm pretty sure i didn't do it.
i want to start using my card.
is there a way i can check on the card on route to me?
my top up may have been reverted
how long before i can see that my cash withdrawal has taken place?
i am trying to revert a transcation i did this morning
help, i was charged twice!
is it possible to link a new card?
the wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time.  it is very important that it goes through quickly. can you please tell me how long it may take?
is it free to send out more cards?
i think my card payment was cancelled. what happened?
i did a transfer and was charged a fee that i shouldn't have been!
what do i do if a transaction shows up twice?
i am overseas in china, can i get a replacement card?
i submitted a transaction but it was for the incorrect account.
i have a payment in my statement that is off
i am quite aggravated that i ordered online almost a month ago and i never got my package and i paid for it. i would really appreciate it if i could get a full refund back now.
why does my transfer still say it is pending?
why is my check still not showing up on my account? it's been a week already
what do i have to do to cancel a transfer?
i want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
i have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am i being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
hello i changed my mind and really need a refund on something i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. please it's urgent.
what was the $1 charge for on my statement?
why would the app revert my payment?
why has my top-up not worked?
i was unable to transfer to another account.
i had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
i'm waiting for a transfer from the us, how much longer?
why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
is there a list of atms that take this card?
i don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
what is the time frame that transfers normally take from a uk account? i just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. i need to know if everything is alright.
can i have money in more than one currency in my account?
how do i track the card you sent to me?
can i get more cards just incase?
i would like to get a visa card
could you please recommend what i should do if my card keeps getting declined?  i planned to top-up today but i am unable to get it to work.  i need a fast solution to this problem.
i see an extra $1  charge on my statement, why is this?
i'm using the app and i noticed a payment that i didn't make.
i cannot withdraw money from the atm
help me order my card.
do you deal with eur?
there is a debit transaction on my statement that i did not make
what is the amount of disposable cards i can have?
i'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
i am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that i top-up today.  would you please look into this further and let me know how i can get this fixed?
i want to get a visa and mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
will i get charged for sending out more cards?
there is a direct debit charge that i don't recognize, what can i do?
i would like to track a card sent to me, how do i do that?
lost card found, want to put it back in app
can i link your physical card
what do you require for identity verification?
can i order a second card?
i was able to find my card. how to i go about putting it into my app?
how many transactions can i make on my disposable card?
hello, my transfers are getting failed continuously, in spite of the fact that all the recipient details are correct. please advise.
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
i lost my phone. can i disable to app?
my payment's stuck on pending.
in the us, how long is the wait for a transfer?
i put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
why can't i take cash out of the atm?
i did a transfer and i was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
i have cancelled payments to this card.
is american express supported for adding funds?
i made a transfer from france two days ago now but there hasn't made it there yet. do international transfers take longer?
this disposable virtual card is not working.
i'm in austria right now, but i really need to change my pin right now. can i do this even though i'm in another country?
can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
how come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
three months ago i bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  unfortunately fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to pet smart last week.  they said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
there were two of the same charge to my account
why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
i have a question about atm transactions. can i take money out of an atm when i'm traveling abroad? and, can i get the money in my home currancy?
why was there a fee when i pulled cash?
how much time do transfers typically take? i sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. it's been hours and has not gone through.
if i can, i would like to get both mastercard and visa from you.
i have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that i did not make. can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
can you tell me why a refund i'm owed is not showing on my statement?
my card has not come in the mail yet.
hello, i'd like to inform you of an issue i'm currently experiencing. the goods i have ordered from your website have still not arrived yet; it has been over 3 weeks. i would like to be issued a refund swiftly and be redirected to more competent people. thank you for your assistance.
i looked on the app and it says i withdrew cash.  i didn't!
hi there, i came across a problem with my top up and my money is missing, was there a system error?
what do i need to do to correct this failed transfer?
why did my card payment not work?
i found a transfer fee - is that correct?
there is a strange payment on my card and i don't know what to do.
are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
i am having a slight problem with my american express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
what are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
looks like my card payment was cancelled.
google pay won't let me top up.
what happens when i money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
what's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
what currencies can i exchange?
when i got cash, my exchange rate was off.
i made a transaction to the wrong account!
i was wondering why my card was declined
where do you deliver cards to?
please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
i just got my new card.  how can i activate it?
i have a charge for something i didn't buy.
is there any amount in which i would get cut off from topping up?
i don't recognize a charge on my statement.
i thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. can you tell me what's going on?
who do i call to activate my new card?
what are weekend rates for getting cash
how can i change my pin?  help.
can i choose what card i can use
how to verify my identity
what do i do if i can't access the app?
i can't get my google pay top to work. are there any issues on your end?
the amount of exchange was not correct for the item i bought.
the app reverted my top up
i think something is wrong with your top up.  i've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
what do i do if my phone is stolen?
why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
i need to know why a money transfer is available.
is there a reason i need to verify top up
i have a cash withdrawal on my statement that i am unsure of.
can i change my pin in austria?
what should i do if i see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
i bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
what is limit of disposable cards  i can make per day?
what is wrong with my top-up?
how come i was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
i really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
where can i activate my card?
my top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! is there a glitch in your system?
i just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
i've been waiting for a refund to show up and i don't see it on my statement yet.
why was i charged an extra fee when paying with card?
is american express supported for adding money into my account?
i was supposed to get a refund but i do not see it.
i want my purchases cancelled.
i think i got charged twice for the same thing
i want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
i need someone to find out where my money has gone to? it has disappeared. i completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. since it has now disappeared i need to know what's going on.
my card payment did not go through.
transfers are supposed to be free.  i just got a fee tacked on  to something i bought abroad.  not cool.  figure out how to remove it.
let me know when applying extra charges for payments. i just checked the app and saw a fee that i wasn't warned about.
i have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. if i were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
i want to change my account details.
is there an auto top up feature?
i must change my pin as soon as possible.
can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
i withdraw money abroad but i didn't get the right amount.
since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? it's always been free for me to do this before.  how much are the charges going to be?
what steps do i do to get a real card
i need an actual card that i can hold in my hand, how do i do that?
why is a transfer i did recently still processing?
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
why am i still waiting for my refund
will i be able to track the card that was sent to me?
is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
um, my top up didn't work
when will my transfer post to my account?
why did it cost money to transfer funds?
what kinds of cards can i use to top up?
i don't have my cell phone with me so i cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
i didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
why isn't my google top-up pay working?
is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
how do i get my cash withdrawal to show?
i believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal i don't recognize.
why has my payment been reversed?
how much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
what caused my top up to be reverted?
is there a way i can get my card expedited?
how long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
how do i find out where my funds came from?
could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after i sent it.
i swear that there are 2 payments on the app that i didn't make.  could my card me stolen?  please advise what i should do.
my money transfer has not yet occurred
hi i'm sending some money over to an investment bank i do business and the transaction is being rejected. i'm not sure why as i think i have the right details.
can i use it outside of europe?
why am i being charged for transferring money?
should i keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
my account is  new  why can i  not top up
why do some of my payments have fees?  i don't understand.
how do i link my card in the app.
the bank machine didn't give my card back how do i get a new one fast?
there is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
i had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
i think i have an extra transfer charge.
what us credit cards do you accept?
i have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. please tell me when it will be completed.
i have a transfer that is pending.
i thought i can make transfers for free, this is not fair. i bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that i've never seen before?
reverted top up
is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
if i live outside of the uk am i still eligible for a card?
how long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
i dont know what happened, but my payment was cancelled
what's the cost for exchanges?
the wrong exchange rate was used when i purchased an item.
how long does it take for a top-up?
my card is about to expire, what do i do?
i didn't make a payment at this business.
why would you cancel my transfer?
why was i charged an additional fee when paying with card?
make me understand why i am charged an extra fee when i use the atm.
i would like a card please.
can i add money in intervals to my account?  i will be traveling.
there's a payment with my card that i definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
why am i being charged for atm fees?
i can't see the transfer that i put in.

i ordered something, and now i have buyer's remorse. since what i ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since i already know i want a refund for it?
what do i do if my card expires soon?
is it possible to obtain both a visa and a mastercard from you?
can i hold more than one currency?
my money transaction can't be seen by the person i sent it to
what is the verification process for my card?
please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
is the identity check part of bank policy?
where can i order a card?
i didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
how do i reactivate a card i thought i lost?
i didn't receive the correct amount of cash when i exchanged it overseas.
how do i get a refund for an item i bought?
i tried to get cash out of the atm but it is taking too long
if the atm only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 i requested, what do i do?
for you, how long do transfers normally take from a uk account? i completed one just now but nothing appears. i just need to be sure everything is okay.
are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
i can't see my refund on my account
i made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
hi, i am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. i am struggling with this issue around two weeks. please advise.
why was my transaction declined?
which countries do you currently support?
what am i being charged an extra pound when i haven't bought something worth that much?
the atm wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
may i reactivate my card? i previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
can i exchange my money for eur?
why are there fees for using a card?
while abroad, i got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
can i add a card back to the app?
i know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
why do you verify the top up
i withdrew cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
explain to me why a transfer would be declined.
why is my card payment still pending?
i dont see my reciept
there is a missing transfer on my account
the exchange rate for foreign atm currency is wrong.
why am i charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
hi, i used an atm today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount i requested. what should i do?
how can i track card you sent
i see a direct debit transaction that i didn't make.
i attempted to top up my car today, it failed! i just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. what is going on with it?
i need to know where this charge is coming from?
why am i being charged a fee for using my card? if there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
how do i change my pin abroad?
what fees do you charge for the standard card?
i have tried a couple of times to make a purchase and my card keeps getting declined. why do you keep denying my transfers? i have already tried a couple of times and it's not working.
how long do i have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
i received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
when does my transfer from the us arrive in my account?
hello, i have a question concerning an unfamiliar fee that i notice on my account. i see that you guys charge for atm withdrawal. never notice this fee until now. can you please explain?
i need more assistance with how to activate my card.
i was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. this is really sad, what's going on?
i'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
how long will a transfer from china take? i need to transfer something from there.
i keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
i was charged more than once in a single transaction
why is there extra cash in my account?
i'm not sure where this charge came from.
a refund is taking too long.
can i get a card in person?
i got less money than i asked for.
i need mastercard as well as visa
i recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
a receiver made me aware that they did not receive the full transfer that i made. the amount was showing to be a bit less. i now have to make a second transfer just to make up the difference. can you reach out and let me know what's going on?
i'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. it's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now i'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
why are the payments being declined on my new card?  i tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the shell station in my neighborhood.  i am very distressed about my new card not working.
for the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
how do i get selected for a visa card?
can i edit my personal details?
the expiration date for my card is coming up, how do i get a new card?
where are the cards delivered to
how long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
i tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
do i have to top up in euros if i use a card, or can i use a different currency?
i'm having an issue with transaction. i topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money isn't in my account any more. what's up with that?
what is the charge for sending out more cards?
can i cancel an order if i haven't received the item yet? and how can i get my money back? please help. thanks.
a couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction i don't recall. is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure i'm not being scammed?
i only have one more us credit card, is it accepted?
there is money missing from my account.
how to edit personal details?
i noticed an extra fee when i paid with my card.
transfer declined.
i recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
i was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  it was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
i tried to charge my card but it was declined. a couple days ago i was able to charge it and it was accepted. is something wrong? will you double check for me please?
there are some charges that i don't recognize.  it happened days ago.  can i get these charges back?  should i cancel my card?
what is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined, i tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
the exchange rate was different when i got cash
can i convert money into different currencies?
i need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. it was in an odd place.
i need to transfer something from china, how long will it take?
i see a duplicate payment.
why is this not letting me exchange crypto? i need help making this transaction go through.
why do i have to verify my top-up card?
i saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. i do not recognize the seller, but i'm pretty certain i didn't make that payment. can you track who the seller is?
i've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and i need the funds now.
i did not set up a direct debit i have
i believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
where can i find the auto-top option?
how can i add money automatically?
my top-up funds aren't available yet.
i'm checking the app and i see a payment that's not mine.
tell me how i can verify a card top-up.
why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
how come my money hasn't shown up yet?
why was i charged for making a withdrawal? after i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
since i got married, i need to change my name.
why do i have a charge for an atm withdrawal? i thought these were free?
how long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
i had a payment reverted and would like to figure out why.
is it possible to get a real card?
how would i change my details?
why was my new card declined?
please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. thank you.
the card payment is declined.  please inform me why.
can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
does it cost anything to buy something from another country? like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
why is my transfer pending when i already made it?
i took out some cash from the atm but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
why did using an atm cause me to be charged an additional fee?
i transferred money and it didn't get there.
why hasn't arrived yet a transaction i did to my friend?
something is wrong, my top-up is gone and i don't know what happened to my money.
it looks like my top up didn't work.  why?
i have a payment which has not been approved.
why couldn't i transfer funds to my beneficiary?
why didn't i receive the right amount of cash at the atm?
a duplicated payment was made for something.
there's a problem - i bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! i already received the item though, what's going on here?
i would like to use one of my cards for a family member. is that allowed?
i was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
why are my transfers getting declined?
which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
while doing a transfer, it says declined.
does a discount apply if i exchange currencies frequently?
machines make mistakes too! the atm gave me the wrong amount of money. too much!
how can i the person see my money transaction?
i tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
i can't get any money from my account.
i need a new card.
atm only gave me $20 instead of $100
i'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. it's still pending and doesn't seem to be working. i need to get this fixed.
does a us transfer take long
how do i add my card to the app once i get it?
when will the money show in my account?
if my funds are running low, will the app top up automatically?
how come i have pending transfers?
what are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
my card is no longer lost. how do i enter it back into the app?
i believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. are you guys charging for this now?
is verifying my identify important?
what could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
i made a big purchase that i regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
how much does it cost for a physical card?
i have been charged twice on my statement.
can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
something is wrong with my top up and i can't see it. how do i find it?
i had to pay money for paying with my card.
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working in my country?
in a recent withdrawal i received less cash than i expected to receive.  did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
hello, i recently ordered an item and i need help with cancelling and processing a refund as soon as possible. it's very important that i get my refund quickly.
is there a money transfer fee?
can you change the rate for the item i bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
can i re-link a lost card with the app?
how can i dispute a debit transaction?
my withdrawal from the atm was cancelled.
what is this extra €1 fee about?
what do i have to do to get a visa card?
how long should i wait ti activate my card
can i have a duplicate second card?
why is there a fee added to my statement?
i'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
what do i owe for a new card?
can i verify my top-up card?
i paid with card and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
i sent some money but the intended recipient says it hasn't arrived
i have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
i could not get my card to work at a shop.
why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
how long will i have to wait for my money to be in my account?
i cannot find my phone, what should i do?
does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? there is a different rate on my purchase.
i made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
where do i go to update details?
i refilled my account balance but got an error message.
why would i be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
i made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
my phone has been stolen by someone
there is a direct debit transaction that i did not authorize
i tried to top up with my card but it was declined. i was able to a couple days ago and it worked. is something wrong? can you check it for me please?
is there any way to know how the transaction got on my account?
i am trying to exchange aud for gbp, how do i do that?
why did i not get all the money that i asked for? i asked for all the cash in my my account, but i only got about half. why is that??
the fee charged when i changed rubles into british pounds was too much.
there was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
what do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
several items i have charged this week are appearing twice.  please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
in my app, a direct debit payment i didn't do shows in my app
what is the process to link the new card?
my refund isn't showing up
i topped up and now my money is not there anymore! what happened to it?
i need to change my address
i have a pending transaction
why did i get declined during a transfer?
i am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
is there an auto top up option?
i requested money from the atm and it didn't give me as much as i requested.
i am seeing in the app a payment that its not mine
why do i get declined when i try to withdraw cash?
hello, a few days ago i transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. on my end everything looks fine and i double checked the account number. is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
my phone has been stolen.
what is the rate for exchange fees?
where do i go to change my account details?
is there a fee to exchange currency?
why is the payment showing as pending from things i bought this morning?
the top up failed
the atm keeps declining my transaction . i tried two different atms already would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
what type of fiat currencies do you support?
i don't understand why i'm being charged for using my card.
so, my transfer is showing as pending, when will it actually go through?
what is the process for activating my new card?
why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
will you accept my credit card, it my only one.
i don't know what a pending payment is.
i don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase i made recently. i have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
i received incorrect amount of cash from an atm today. it was more than i wanted. what do i do now?
how can i cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
there is a transfer not showing on my account.
i need a card reactivation, i had reported my card lost but i ran across it in my jacket.
i cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
can i exchange currency to europe?
when i exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
i have one other credit card from the us. do you take it?
was there a number to track that i could get?
how do i actually obtain a card myself?
i have a cash withdrawal that i do not recognise.
i'm on vacation in europe but i desperately need to change my pin. can i do this from abroad?
my money has gone missing. i had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. now it's missing. what is happening?
supported countries
i have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
i made a bank transfer from my uk account today, but it's not showing.  can you check status?
i thought transfers were free, why was i charged?
can you tell me what i need to do to have my pin changed?
why was my transaction not approved?
what is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
i was charge a fee that i wasn't told about
when i purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
i want to know about your refund policy.
the app is showing a cash withdrawal that i didn't make.
i do not recognise this card payment.
i see a payment on my statement for  a place i didn't make a purchase at.
how does a us resident go about acquiring a new card?
why is my withdrawal from the atm still showing as pending?
i got billed an extra pound!
i made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
i did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
how would i go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
i might need a new card because it's not working at any of the atms. i don't think ive used all my money. why is it doing this?
how do i avoid a fee to use an atm?
i would like to edit my personal information .
the transfer i made isn't reflected in my balance
what do i need to do to exchange my money?
is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
my transfer is still pending
what are the uses for disposable cards?
i used the wrong account.
why is there a fee for getting cash?
can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction i did overseas
my app statement shows i took out cash from an atm but i did not. what can i do?
why can't i buy cryptocurrency on the app?
i tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. tried again today but same thing happened. what's wrong?
please explain the charge of 1l in error.  i have purchased nothing in this amount.
i didn't see the money i added to my card.
hello,  in my most recent atm transaction, i didn't receive nearly as much cash as i thought i would - what is your exchange rate policy?
i think i was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
i tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
how do i dispute a debit that i didn't make?
there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's the cause for that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound.
how fast can you fix an error in payment?  i made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
atms, which ones will accept this card?
if i have a credit card with you how i get set up to link to it?
i made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
what should i do once my card expires?
i used foreign currency to buy something and i think the rate applied is incorrect.
i tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
is exchanging currencies one of your app services?
what is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
what is the reason for the identity check
when will my transfer finish pending?
i got cash and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
why didn't my card payment work?
my card payment had the wrong exchange rate
can i have multiple currencies?
please send my refund now.
is there a problem with the top up system? my transaction hasn't gone through properly
what is the charge for using a top up card in the us?
my top-up appears to be pending.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
why have i been charged an extra pound?
i still want to use my account but haven't verified is that ok?
i need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
i used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. what does this mean?
why are you charging me fees for using my card?
can i get an auto top-up?
why am i not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
what's up with verifying top-ups?
the exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
i requested a refund for a large order the other day and don't think i received the funds. can you tell me if you see them or not?
why was i charged an extra fee from the atm?
can you please assist me in completing a transfer? i'm trying and i keep getting an error. i'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. all i keep getting is an error. can you find out what's happening here?
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
i messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
why have i been charged twice?
why is there a fee for using my card?
i put my check in the bank, but i haven't gotten my cash yet?
what currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
would i be able to refund an item?
how do i modify my details?
i wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
i don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. i was helping some friends move to japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. the  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. when can i expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
i have been charged a fee for getting cash
how long will it take to transfer from europe?
card payment still pending.
what does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
why did my payment revert
what is the process for activating my card and using it?
the cash deposit i made this morning has not been credited to my account
is there a fee for currency exchange?
is there a way to track my card?
where has my transferred money gone?
why won't my virtual card work?
are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
how can i transfer money from american express card
i can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
how do i get refills to my card when i'm traveling?
i tried to withdraw cash from the atm machine and it did not work. can you tell me why?
i did a transaction to a wrong account!
there is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's that about? pretty sure i haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
i cannot find my refund on my statement.
did a wd earlier at an atm.  the amount showing in the app is more than i got though.
i found my old card. can i link it back into the app?
i need a visa card
my transfer hasn't appeared yet
my app shows a money withdrawal that i did not do.
i really need to know how to change my pin.
can i order a card please?
hello,  i noticed the money for an item i purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
i need to cancel my card.  there are a few charges from a couple days ago that i didn't make.  can i get credit for these charges?
i can't see all the refunds in my statement
i need to stop a transaction that i made.
i do not think the pop up went through yet.
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
why would my payment have been returned to my account?
i need to know which fiat currencies i can use with you.
i've made a transfer from france two days ago but i was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
what happens when i am charged twice?
i need information explaining why my top-up failed to go through
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
you shorted me money when i tried to make a withdrawal.
i question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. i was hoping for a better return.
where can i change my address?
i an not sure but it looks as if a card payment i made was cancelled.
my transfer is pending too long.
hello, i was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and i just noticed that i was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. can i get that second transaction removed from my account?
how do i get my card active?
i'm really upset because i made a typo during a transfer and now i've sent money to the wrong account.  i can't fix this with the app.  please help me immediately!
i deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
i can't make purchases with my virtual card.
would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase i made not long ago? i contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
can you convert to eur?
what steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
my payment had a wrong exchange rate.
what is this extra fee while i was doing a transfer?
can i top up from a usa credit card
i'd like to order an additional card
do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
i notice there's a pending payment on my card.
i am under the impression that my top up is still pending
where can i find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
i think i am having an issue with withdraws on my card. it was declined on the way to work this morning. this hasn't happened in the past.
i've been waiting since friday, where is my money?
can i obtained a visa card
use my credit to add money
when will my cash withdrawal show/
can i get support?
when will the money from my bank transfer be available?
i'm still waiting for my new card.
if i bought something i didn't like, can i get a refund?
please help me, its urgent. someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
i don't recognize this payment on my app, i am sure i didn't spend any money there.
i received the wrong amount of cash.
i initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
is a physical charge extra
where's the money i transferred into my account?
where can i change my pin?
when can i use money sent to my account?
why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
is there a strict timeline regarding disputing transactions made on my account? i just noticed a fraudulent charge on a statement from a couple months ago.
am i able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
i received my new card.  where is it in the app?
is there something wrong with my card payment? it's been pending a really, really long time.
where is my top-up verification code?
can i have a spare card for this account please?
i am on vacation in spain and need to change my pin.
where can i get my currencies exchanged?
tell me why my transfer is declined.
my identity hasn't been verified.  can i use my account?
card payment didn't go through.
how can i fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
how do i get my card pin?
if my card is going to expire this month, do i need to order a new one?
i forgot my phone at the hotel, so i can't access the app.
where do you export the cards to?
what type of card will i receive?
why haven't i gotten my new card?
i want to start using my card, how do i activate it?
can someone please tell me how much i can top-up?
when did you start charging to make a withdrawal? how much is it now? i always thought it was free.
where is my recent refund in the my statement?
which currencies do you work with?
i still don't have a card. how do i get one?
i think i was charged twice, please help!
is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
can you explain why i was charged extra when i used the card?
why am i still waiting for a transfer?
i may need to dispute a direct debit payment.
what countries are you located in?
i got a new address and need to change my information.
why has my card payment been reversed?
there is a  €1 fee on my account i didn't authorize
how long does it take for transfers to be approved?  i sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
how do i validate my identity.
i don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
i ordered online weeks ago and i never received my package in the mail and i don't want to wait any more. so if i could get my money back now that would be great.
my credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  i don't get it.  why is it like this?  when will it go through?
i seem to have a problem here, i bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and i've already received the item. can you tell me what is going on here?
i topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. i'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. can you fix it? it doesn't seem to be working.
when will i have access to my pin number?
why hasn't my transaction been completed?
i have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
i have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
can i use this app to change money?
you have declined my  payment.
looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. i went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. app is on pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
how can i make my card show up in the app?
where is the transfer to my account?
while on vacation in spain i think someone saw my pin and i now need to change it, can i do this at an atm in spain?
i tried to top-up but it got denied.
unsupported transfer declined
i have not received a refund.
i put cash in my account, but i don't see it.
i'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
my job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and i was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
i see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
my transaction has not been received. when are you going to process it?
the exchange rate for my payment last saturday must be wrong because i was charged extra.
what do i do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
hello, i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that i have never seen before.
i am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
i have a confusing payment appear on my statement and i don't recognise it!
why is a payment i made reverted back to my account?
how do i go about ordering a new bank card?
i attempted to complete a topup, and i thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. has there been a glitch?
can i use your app to exchange between usd and gbp
why have i been charged a fee for card payment?
i received duplicate charges.
my payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
what should i do after i've moved and need to update my personal details?
how come i got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
hi. about two hours ago i made a transfer from my bank which is in the uk, but i don't see it yet! would you check what's going on with it, please?
do i have to pay more for exchanges?
i was transferring some money to a friend, which i thought would be free, but i see there is a charge.  what's up with that?
how long would does it take for a seller to receive an eu transfer if i bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
why did my payment go back to my account when i bought something?
my cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
i made a purchase and would like to get a refund for what i bought can you have the money put back in my account?
how long does a transfer from a uk account take? i just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
money that i have transferred hasn't arrived yet
which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
please tell me why i am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
how long do tranfers from a uk account usuallt take for you? i just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
my card payment has been declined, why?
some cash i didn't get shows in my app
since i just got married i need to change my name.
how can i get a refund for something i just bought?
i want to get some cash from the atm using my card but i dont want to be charged any fees. ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently ive been getting charged. why?
i am still waiting on my bank transfer
a direct debit payment that i didn't authorise shows up in my app.
i received the wrong color and size, can i return it?
i couldnt get cash in an atm
i can't activate my card?
i have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
i just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that i made! atm withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? what is it going to cost me now?
how long will it take to urgently transfer something to china?
why did i get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
i was charged twice for the same thing.
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me the wrong amount that i've been charged though...
hi i am trying to transfer money to another country but it is showing pending and it has been a long time.  i have checked numbers and they are correct.  could you please help?
can you tell me why i was charged $1 for a transaction?
please help me set up a new pin.
can i have more than 2 disposable cards?
hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your atms. i did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
i want to revert a transaction i did this morning
what is taking so long with my top up?
my refund isn't showing up on my statement.
why would my card payment not work?
i did a transfer but it is still pending.
what is wrong with the exchange rate? this should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
can i give a second card for this account to my daughter?
i just bought an item and would like to stop payment can you tell me if the item has been sent yet?
is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
my card is about to expire. do i have to go to a branch to order a new card?
i haven't gotten my new card.
will i be charged for receiving money?
can you tell me why my card isn't letting me make purchases online? it's been 2 weeks i've been trying.
i would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
my account says i have money but i withdrew it in cash.
i have duplicate charges for the same transaction
why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
i lost my phone. can i use my card without the app?
hey i thought transfers were free.  why are you charging me?
why do you need me to verify who i am?
can i use it all over the world?
can you tell me if i can hold money in several currencies?
i was abroad and needed some cash, but i think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
has my top up gone through?
what do i do about my expired card?
where is my new card if i haven't received it yet?
why is my card payment still listed as pending?
how much money can i withdraw before fees? i noticed a fee on my card but i didn't think i had hit the limit of how much i could withdraw in a month.
i tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. i thought it was instant?
i deposited cash into my account, why do i not see it?
i was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. what's the deal with this? i really wanted to complete the exchange.
after i make a payment, how long will it be before it transitions from "pending" to complete?
when i got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
why won't you let me name x as a beneficiary?
why do you need so much information about me
why won't my transfer go through?
i need a physical card.  what are the fees?
what are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
how long will it take for my payment to go through?
what are your supported countries?
why do you guys need to verify my identity?
where is my last money transaction
what is this fee debit on my account?
hello. how long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? i've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
why was i not able to take cash from the atm?
how do i go about getting a refund?
i use gbp for my salary deposits. must i set this up somewhere?
seems like the exchange rate for my payment last saturday was wrong. i was charged extra.
i saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
i made a cash withdrawal at an atm but it still says pending in my account.
i topped up recently and saw the money go through, but now it's just gone? what's going on
i don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
my account says i have a pending transfer.
does it cost much or take long to get a new card? mine is about to expire.
i live in germany. is that one of the countries you are in? what other countries are you in?
i want my card i just received to show up in the app. how do i do that?
the balance has not changed, but i have deposited some money
please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
my payment was terminated
why am i not able to get cash from the atm?
i would like to get your card in eu. is that possible?
i want to get my salary deposited as pesos?
i bought something and already paid for it but now i don't see it.
it appears my top-up is still pending.
i went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  the first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  but my app shows me that i've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  can you make sure that i'm not charged twice?
please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. i think there is some defect in system.
what are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
if i don't live in the uk, can i still get a card?
there is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
what us cards do you accept?  i only have 1 other.
is there a way to modify my details?
i tried to make a transfer and it failed.
i put money on my card and i dont see it on the balance
which currencies do you handle?
i think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
why hasnt my card come in yet?
why didn't my top up work?
help!  i think my phone may be stolen or lost!
can i set up an auto top-up?
how do i cancel a purchase?
what do i do after my card expires?
if i want to can i set up a new pin?
why would my transfer result in a decline message?
i have been travelling overseas and i need to change my pin. can you tell me how this is done?
what does a 'pending payment' mean?
when will my new card be delivered?
my card is almost going to expire.
what can i do to track the card you sent me?
what's the deal? money has just disappeared out of my account. i thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
after i transferred money the balance remained the same.
when i got my cash, the amount was not what it should have been, based on the exchange rate.
why isn't my google pay top up working for me? did i do something wrong?
is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
i need your help to get a refund for an item i just bought, can you cancel the payment since what i bought hasn't arrived yet.
what do i do if my payment was reverted?
what type of card can i get?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
i moved and need to change my address.
i am traveling, what can i do to set up auto top-up?
it has been forever ago that i made an order online. the product simply is not coming. just give me back my money because i'm not paying these people.
is there something blocking me from making transfers
why wont the atm give me cash?
i think my card payment was reverted
i thought you guys offered free transfers. why was i charged?
please help!  i was mugged and everything stolen.  what do i do to stop them from accessing my account?
on a card top-up, where can i verify?
why is there a random payment in my statement?
can i select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
i want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
i made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
are there limitations to what currency i can hold?
can i get money in my home currency at my atm ?i am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me .is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
my top up is still pending
need my details changed
how long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
fix my top up
i'm trying to verify my top up card, how do i do that?
please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
why did the atm cancel my transaction
why does is payment not going through? did my account get frozen or some other issue i don't know about. what can i do to fix this problem?
i do not recognise the card payment.
can you assist on apple watch top ups?
why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
if my card payment isn't working what do i do?
card activation steps
do i pay extra for exchange?
why is there a direct debit to my account? i didn't do that.
my order hasn't shown up yet, what can i do?
i see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
how long do eu transfers take? i bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
can i transfer my salary onto here?
what limits are there on the virtual cards?
how do i receive a card?
are there any places that i can't use the disposable cards at?
how do i verify the top-up card?
the machine didn't work earlier when i went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.why?
i have received my statement but i do not see my refund, why is that?
there's a cash withdrawal i am certain i did not make
my card isn't letting me purchase something and i wanted to know why.
can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
give me a refund
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
is it possible to top up with google pay?
i am afraid to give you all my identify details.
what other currencies are available to change to?
today i noticed a charge for an atm withdrawal on my account. can you please fix this? it's supposed to be no charge.
why am i being charged for the same thing twice?
why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account? i deposited it this morning.
when do i see my recent refund in my statement
my card payment has the wrong exchange rate
how can i set a new pin.
please explain why the funds i added were returned to my account.
yikes!  i didn't get the amount of money that i requested.  what do i do now?
do you guys accept cash? because i deposited some this morning and i can't see it in my account.
can you please check my uk account to make sure everything went alright?  i made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
can you accept my other card from the u.s.?  it is the only other one i have.
why am i being charged a fee on a card payment?
what time will a transfer from the us take?
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
i want to have an item refunded can i do that?
there is an urgent transfer i need to make from china.  how long will it take to get it processed?
top up my card please, which y'all support?
i would like to purchase another card.
can i order a card?
can i wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
i attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
i have a payment that i didn't make.
i haven't received the money from the check i deposited.
there is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what's the reason for that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound.
i have never been charged a card payment fee before. why did this change?
i've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, i need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone i don't know.  please can you help?
i performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? can you check on that? the account number is definitely correct, as i've checked.
i need this item refunded
i withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
i want to get a visa card
i've made more than one attempt to make a purchase and the card keeps getting declined. why do you keep denying my transfers?
i didn't get all the money i asked for
show me the amount of transactions i can do with a disposable card.
why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
my top-up never worked
please help.  there is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
i need a second card on this account for my daughter.
what are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? i'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
the atm didnt let me get cash
how do i to up by card?
the item i bought exchanged rate was incorrect.
how long should a transfer normally take to process completely? i have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
what's the wait time for european transfers?
how do i change to aud from gbp?
unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. i do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. can you resolve this as soon as possible?
what steps do i have to take to change my pin?
i received an extra charge for using the card. why?
i got a notice from my app that i withdrew cash but i don't remember doing so. how do i fix this?
how can i get my money back for a payment i didnt make
my payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
you can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
can i order a new card by phone?
when i topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
where do i find the auto top up option?
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
i've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  what's wrong?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
i paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
how many disposable cards can you own?
can i use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
it's been some time ago that i placed an order and it just isn't coming. at this point just give me back my money because i'm not paying them.
i purchases several items today. why are they still showing pending?
is there a way to top up using my apple watch?
there was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller i don't recognize. may you please check on this transaction for me.
there is a duplicate charge on my account.
the atm didn't give me enough money! i asked for more than it gave. what do i do?
payment did not process
i transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the eu and they received a lesser amount than what i sent, unfortunately, now i must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount i initially sent.  i'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what i initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
why is it failing to top-up?
do you offer cards for those in other countries?
can i order cards on the app
why hasn't my transfer from europe gone through?
why is the check i deposited this morning not showing up?
i'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. why? i've done it before.
is there a way to revert a transaction?
i removed cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i already received the cash?
did i do something incorrectly? where is my top-up?
i am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when i used an atm.
what happens if my card payment is cancelled?
i wanted to take out $100 but i only got $20.
there are two of the same charges on my account.
tell me how a top up would be reverted.
what are the steps for  making a transfer for topping up?
where is the top-up verification code?
what is the estimated wait time for transfers from the us?
please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
my funds are low, can i auto top up?
tell me why my card payment was declined.
would it be possible to activate my card?
when will my transfer process?
may i change my pin?
what does it mean when a payment is pending?
is there a limit to auto top?
i'm going to travel, can i have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
help me activate my new card.
i noticed my card payment was cancelled, can you tell me why?
can i have a tangible form of my virtual card.
i'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
i did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
there was an extra fee when i paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
where will i get my card?
i have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
i got some cash at an atm earlier, but now app is showing that i withdrew more than i did.  help!
what's the procedure with currency exchange?
why hasn't my transaction arrived?
can you tell me why i haven't received my new card?
can the exchange rate change while i am in the process of making a withdrawal?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
hello. how do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? i want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
i moved and would like to change my address.
what country's money can i hold currency in?
can this convert money?
my phone was stolen, help!
will i be charged for exchanging foreign currencies?
how can i fix this?  there is a double charge on my account.
will you be adding more currencies in the future?
hi, i was looking over my card receipts for the past week and i realize i had a charge put through two times for the same single restaurant visit. can one of the charges be removed so that i can get the money back that was mistakenly taken from my account?
what does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
a random charge got added to my card
how long will my payment be pending?
there are automatic debits on my account that i did not make.
my bill shows the same charge more than once
i don't want to use this method to identify myself.
i can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
how long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
help me figure out how to link the new card.
why did my top up get pulled back out?
i thought i would have received my new card at this point.
where is my new card?
what currencies can my account be in?
my cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
how can i change my old pin to a new one?
i think my top up has been reverted
what happens when a payment is reverted?
i think my phone was stolen. what can i do?
the atm cancelled a transaction on me when i was trying to get some cash out.
is there any way to cancel my transfer
how long until transfers from europe go through?
my topping up didn't go through.
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
where is my money that i transfered?!
will i be charged for a cash withdrawal?
i contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. what should i do?
my transfer to another account was not allowed. why is that?
can you help me process a refund?
can i keep using my card after it expires?
i see i was charged extra when i used the card.  i am not sure why, please tell me why.
how much does currency exchange cost?
i think i was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when i used my card.
can i use my apple watch to fill my gas tank?
i am required to make several disposable cards every day.
how do i dispute a payment i didnt make
i do not know why i was charged for the $1 transaction.
why didn't i receive the right amount of cash?
my payment did not go through because the app reverted it
is there an option to top up with a cheque?
there is a refund missing.
what does it mean if it says that my payment is pending?
my transfer failed.  help!
hi i'm waiting for a refund for an item i bought. i have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
how long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
why am i getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
why was i charged for getting cash?
can i use my apple watch to pay for gas?
i am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. why is this happening and what do i do to not have it declined?
i took out money, and didn't get all of it.
i tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
you promised no fees but now i've got one. what the hell!?
i have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  is the system down or not working properly?
how do i find my top-up card's verification code?
i might need to exchange between usd and gbp, is this possible with your app?
what does it mean if my payment was reverted?
why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
i would like to know why so much identity information is required?
do you have support for flat currencies?
auto-top up option can be found where?
how do i activate a card?
how do i top up my google pay?
an incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item i bought.
can i get a card even though i live in the us
there is a payment in the app that i did not approve
what are these fees i am paying?
i am having trouble finding the top-up card verification code.
hi, i'm in progress of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment.  an error is appearing, and i need assistance.
as advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. a week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. please track the refund with the seller.
there's a weird payment showing in my app that i definitely haven't made myself, as i haven't used the card at all that day. please cancel that and return my money.
i want a refund
one of my payments was doubled
how can i find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
hi! i'm a university student studying abroad and i noticed that when i was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees i was not expecting. why is that? i've had this account for years and i haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since i'm still new to international travel and finance, but i wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
how do i reactivate my card?
what are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
i bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.can i just get my money back now i don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
what do i do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
what's the problem? i thought you offered crypto top up. this doesn't appear to be working at all. my money has now vanished from my account.
dude i put money in the atm last week but it ain't there! i need the money now figure this out!
i believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
what currency is acceptable for a top up?
why is there a fee when i thought there would be no fees?
help me with a pin change.
i would like to have a mastercard.
i want a refund on this.
please help me with my card.  it won't activate.
i made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. how can you help?
can i use a different bank atm than my own?
why do i have a transaction showing up more than once?
my account balance doesn't reflect an update i made by cheque yesterday. is something wrong or is the system slow?
i don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
i transferred money from the us, how long does it take?
where can i check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
i made a card payment which is showing me pending.
an item i bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
how can i see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
why would my transfer be declined?
there is a pending transaction on my account for when i tried to get money from the atm earlier and it did not work. can you fix this?
my exchange rate isn't correct.
why am i getting charged more for using my card?
my card hasn't shown up yet.
some cash shows up on my app.
what happened! i asked for 30 pounds at your atm and only go 10. the machine lied about it too. it said i received the full 30 pounds. someone better help me asap on this.
what do you need my identity details for?
does your app allow currency exchange from usd to gbp?
how long should a cheque deposit take to show? my account hasn't updated and i want to make sure everything is okay.
why is this beneficiary being rejected?
my beneficiary is unable to transact
i am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
need a new card, mine is expiring.
i got an cancellation error when i was topping up.
could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
help!  in the app there is a direct debit that i don't remember.
my card is expiring soon.
why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
explain pending transactions.
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
i asked for a certain amount of money from the atm, but it gave me a different amount. less than what i asked for.
i tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
can i quickly send a transfer from china?  how long will it take?
hi, today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. i am very disappointed, please look into this.
i am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
i normally don't use atms, but i was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. the atm gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. what do i do?
can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
i have been charged to much for the object i bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
daughter needs card, how do i add her
i tried to withdraw some money from an atm this morning but wasn't able to get the amount of cash i needed. the amount in the app says what i was trying to withdraw was deducted, but i don't have any money. what do i do about this?
do you offer auto top ups?
my card was rejected
i want to use a cheque to pay.
did  my transfer fail?
i have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
are there any specific cash machines that i have to go to in order to change my pin?
can i change my address?
how long do i have to wait for europe transfers?
what do i have to do to activate my card?
i wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
am i able to get this shipped to china?
i was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
can you explain why i am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
i was double-charged for a transaction
why is my payment declined? it looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
i have my card now how do i activate it?
i did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
how many different cards can i have for my account?
i see a direct debit payment on my app that i did not do
how do i change my card pin?
can cards be delivered? where?
there is a cash withdrawl i don't remember.
my card arrived but i need to make it work in the app, how do i do that?
how do i order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
what types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
i have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
my card never arrived.
why is there an unknown card payment?
is an auto top-up option available?
i was charged extra. was the exchange rate for my payment last saturday wrong?
reason for my card to decline
can i use this all over the world?
i have a new card. how do i activate it?
was there a way for me to get tracking for that?
i have been double charged for a couple of things this week, and would appreciate a refund for the duplicate charges.
i have a payment that shows twice
why would my payment for my card show as pending?
i just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that i can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
the payment on my card shows as pending.
i just got a new card how do i get it to start working?
do i need to do anything? my phone was stolen yesterday.
does the card you sent have a tracking number?
what are the currency types that i can keep money in.
how long does it typically take to make a transfer from a uk bank? i just made one and it hasn't shown up in my account yet.
i can't get money out of the atm. is my card actually working? it's the first time i tried using it
i want a mastercard
what countries can i use my card in
how do i tell if my top up was reverted?
is it possible to get a refund?
i am sure i have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
i see a direct debit transaction in my app that i didn't make.
when will my refund come through
can i reset the passcode?
do you send duplicate cards?
how come i can't find my payment?
is there a limit to the number of disposable cards i can have?
why wouldn't a transfer go through?
i am still waiting on my card?
i keep getting an error message when i'm trying to transfer funds! why aren't you accepting that?
does the top-up need verified?
i added money to the card but the transaction didn't go through
i was under the impression i can make transfers for free. i made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. i've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
can you top up your account automatically
i made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. i now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. can you tell me about this. what's been going on?
cancel a transaction
the app says i made a cash withdrawal that i didn't make
i withdrew cash and dont see it reflected on the balance
what are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
hi, i am unable to use my card in atm. i had tried my card in two atms but both atms declined it. could you please check my account?
i have my residency in the us, but i would love to get a card.
can i top-up automatically?
how can i periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
will you assess me more fees if i top up with an international card?
is it possible for me to change my pin number?
why hasn't my balance been updated? i've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
my top-up has not posted.
why is there a fee for the transfer i made?
i'm trying to make a bank transfer but it's not going through. could there not be enough funds to transfer or something? have i done it too many times?
there is a pending payment on my account, what does this mean?
i've transferred money into my account but the balance is the same
why am i being a charged for using my card?
when will the transaction go through?
is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
hello, just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. as someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
what areas are cards delivered to?
hello i made a bank account transfer from the uk. the transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  can you check to see if everything okay. please.
who can request disposable cards?
my atm withdrawal was declined.
i withdrew $100 but only received $20
my purchase used the wrong exchange rate
i put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? what happened to my money?
when will my deposit from this morning show up?
can you tell me why i was charged to withdraw cash?
someone is using my card to purchase flights to new york it's not me because i'm not going to new york, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
i was charged a fee when i transferred my funds, why?
where do i find the verification code for the card i'm topping up?
i am wondering if international transfers take longer. i a made a transfer from france two days ago and believed it would be here already. please let me know when i will get it!
why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
is there a way you can have money from a purchase i made refunded to my account.
when i used one of the atms in the city centre today, i tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because i did not receive any money whatsoever from the atm
if i lost my phone, how can i stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
i'd like to get a refund for something i bought, is that possible?
is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
i need help as fast as possible! i made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
i was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that i shouldn't have been charged.
how do i go about verifying the top-up card?
can i get a few more physical cards?
there was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and i don't remember making the purchase. nor do i remember the company itself. can we trace this at all to confirm if i did it or not?
after making a transfer from a uk account it's not showing up. how long do these transfers normally take for you? i want to be certain everything is all right.
the bank transfer was declined
how can i transfer money to a beneficiary?
i cant transfer money into my account
i see non-received cash in my app.
changing my pin
my new card isn't in my app, how do i get it in there?
how much is it to exchange currency
i have withdrawn cash from the atm but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. why is this?
what is the maximum times i can auto top-up?
why do you need so much information about my identity?
do you work in greece?
there's something wrong on my bill. a transfer fee should never have been added.
why have my top ups been canceled?
hi, i have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. can you please look into this issue.
i've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. i genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
what are my payment options?
when do i get charged a fee for using the card?
i think something went wrong with my exchange between russian ruble and uk pounds. i was overcharged during the swap.
there are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality i didn't make. maybe someone has access to my card?can you check whats the issue ?
the refund doesn't show in my account
i used an atm and wanted to know why i was charged an extra fee.
why am i charged whenever i withdraw cash?
wheres my money receipt
i made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
i made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
what should i do if i see a withdrawal is pending?
my card got stuck in an atm.
why can't i use a disposable card?
i don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? where can i find it? i need to verify!
i made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
what do you charge for an exchange fee?
there are duplicate transactions on my account
i had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the atm with foreign currency.
i need to top up, can i use google pay?
what currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
when will my transfer from the us get here?
why do i need to verify my identity?
is there an issue with my account?  i don't see a cheque deposit that i made yesterday.  please assist.
balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
i transferred money to a receiver within the eu and they received a lesser amount than expected.  now i will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  i'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
when will my top-up happen?
i did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. i think there is some problem in system.
where should i withdraw money from?
looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. i went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. app still stays pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
i just moved overseas and i noticed that you are charging me more fees.  i am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
i think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
money is not in recipients account.
there is payment showing that i didn't do.
what is the maximum transactions i can use on a disposable card?
i got charged a service fee on my account. can it be waived since i didn't know about it before?
is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
i don't want to verify my identity
how do i go about ordering a card?
my card payment has had the status of pending forever. what is the issue? it should have gone through at some point.
why was there a fee for paying by card?
how long does a transfer from the uk account usually take? after completing the transfer it is not showing up. i need to know that everything i actually went okay.
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
when do i activate auto top-up?
i do not recognize the card payment.
i contacted the seller and he won't respond.  please just refund me my  money.
why hasn't the transaction i did to my friend arrived yet?
i attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! is this normal? i'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. i assumed it would be done quicker than this.
i do not recongize a payment in my account.
is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
what fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
my transfer into my account isn't showing up.
my transfer isn't in
i can't use the app because i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. i need some help.
why hasn't my payment gone through?
i was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
what was the extra charge for using my card?
i have a duplicate payment on my account
when can i expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
why was i charged for a cash withdrawal at the atm?
is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago.
i just recently got a new beach condo in bora bora, and to furnish it i used this account a lot from overseas. it's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that i saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. is this what i should expect from you in the future?
hello. i'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
do i need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
please help me!  a payment i made had an error on the account number and i can't cancel on my side.  can you cancel it?
the transfer i tried to make failed.
every atm i visit is rejecting my card and i don't know why. there should be money on it. can you check it to see if something is wrong or if i'm doing something wrong?
how long do i have to wait for my bank transfer to appear in my account?
my statement has a charge that shouldn't have been made.
i don't want to give you all my identify details.
my app shows cash i didn't get.
how long do i have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
i want a refund on a direct debit.
how long does it take to get money from europe?
how do i edit my personal details?
my transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but i've been waiting for it for quite some time. can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
i just replaced my phone but how do i use my card information?
i left my phone at the hotel.
can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
there is a card payment i'm not familiar with.
am i able to get a refund for a purchase?
help me find the transfer that i did.
can i activate my card with the app?
i need more physical cards.
do you know how i can verify that i did a top-up to my card?
i didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. what gives?
i'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but i'm still waiting.
i did not get the right exchange rate while getting my cash out.
my top-up hasn't happened yet.
i went to do a transfer and it was declined.
there is a payment i don't recognise!
i have a missing refund
will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
the activation process for my card isn't working.
please tell me why the purchase i made online returned payment. i really wanted this item and i've been trying for 2 weeks.
i tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
when will my transfer move out of pending stage?
why was money taken for a transfer?
it has been a couple of hours but i do not see my balance updated, can you help?
why does my statement show various transaction times?
can you let me know where my refund money is? i requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  do you guys have the money yet? maybe it's just not in my account.  let me know when it will become available, please.
my google pay seems to be acting up.
are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
my identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
how long will it take to transfer something to china urgently?
with my new card, how may i activate it?
i'd prefer to use my american express when putting funds into my account.
i would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
i bought an item at the wrong exchange rate.
what does it mean if my payment is pending?
why did you revert my top up?
i need help reapplying my top-up. it seems it isn't working.
how do i go about exchanging currencies with this app?
i bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
why are my withdrawals suddenly being declined?
can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
why did my card payment get declined?
please tell me where i can update my details since i moved.
my phone is missing or stolen.
i keep checking my statements but no progress.i requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
i would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
is it possible to exchange currencies?
you can use it anywhere that accepts mastercard.
when will my cheque process?
why was my card declined?
how long should it take for my new card to arrive in them mail? what should i do if i never receive it?
i just bought an item and changed my mind.  i have not received it yet how can i get refunded.  thank you.
2 weeks ago i ordered my new card.  it isn't here.  what should i do?
i would like to give another card to my daughter, how can i proceed?
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
i made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
when i made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
they said i would get a refund but i don't see it on my statement.
what happens after my card expires?
i was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
do you have an auto-top function and how do i use it if so?
my card payment's cancelled
please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when i tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items i needed.  i tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  i was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
i guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
why did my payment fail?
what happened to my top-up? it was all done and now it's gone! are you having problems with your system?
my card payment wasn't declined
i completed a payment with my card a while ago. it's still showing up as pending. what time frame does this normally take? it doesn't appear to have worked.
how can i cancel this transaction?
why is my card being declined when i try to do a top-up? how can this be immediately resolved?
why hasn't my cheque processed?
what steps do i need to take to exchange currencies?
can you explain why my google pay top isn't working?
why was i not allowed to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
how can i use my american express to add money into my account?
i transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
what's taking my top-up so long?
i want my card frozen right away. money was taken out in an odd location i have never heard of.
i checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. can you update it?
i'm looking to get an additional card.
are cards issued to people living in the us?
for what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
this transaction needs both a visa and a mastercard.
i didnt do this charge
is there a limit for top ups?
i have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. could you please tell me when it will process.
i tried to get money out of the notting hill atm earlier, but i wasn't able to get anything out. is there a problem with my card? it's the first time i tried using it.
i would like to get an item refunded
my card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
can i use this app for both usd and gbp?
i don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
i left my phone somewhere and can't use the app.
i transferred money, why was charged for an extra fee?
tried using my atm card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  it didn't work.  what is going on?
i had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
how can i change my rowlock ?
why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
hi. a couple hours ago i make a transfer from my uk bank account, but it hasn't shown up. please, would you see what the delay is?
can you help me track my card?
how do i transfer something faster than normal?
show me how to link the new card,
why is it saying my card payment is declined when i made it?
i attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. is it still pending?
card payment was declined, do you know why?
no refund showing in my statement.
do i need a photo id to activate a my new card?
why am i getting a fee on a card payment?
what's the problem? my card keeps getting declined for top up. i need to know what is going on.
there is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  when will it post?
someone mugged my and stole everything.  i can't use the app.  what should i do?
i found my card in my jacket this morning, so can i reactivate it?
i can't use my virtual disposable card
the app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
where do you have locations at
why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
waiting for the cash i deposited this morning still
can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
hello. can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my uk bank account isn't showing up?
could i get tracking on the card?
how long does it take to get a refund on something i bought?
what fiat currencies are used for exchange?
i want to top up by card, what do you support?
what needs to be provided for identity verification?
i need more physical cards than i have right now!
your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
i was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
for some reason my card payment didn't work
there was a charge applied when i used my card.
are all fiat currencies supported?
why was i not able to complete my transfer?
where is the card i ordered 2 weeks ago?
do you support all countries?
is there a daily auto top-up limit?
is a tracking number available for the card that was just sent?
when should i receive my refund
can i make a withdraw in my home currency at an atm? i'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. this is cause for a bit of concern. is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
i may no longer need gbp, but instead i will need aud, how can i go about making this change?
i may need to exchange my usd for gbp, can your app do that?
how do i authenticate a top-up card?
i would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
where to check top ups pending?
why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
i was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
i recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. what's going on?
why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the atm?
so, i see a strange fee that i've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. i was under the impression transfers could be made for free. i don't think this seems fair.
i have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet i can't get it to work. what is the problem? is there an issue related to your system?
i transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. how long will it take to get to her?
do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
how can i exchange gbp for aud?
how do i add my new card?
please help me with this transfer, for some reason i can't transfer to a cryptocurency account
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
my card payment was reverted, why?
why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
what forms of payment do you accept?
i still have not received an answer as to why i was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
there is a withdrawal waiting.
i'm in china and really need a new card.
do you support fiat currencies?
so much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
how can i top up with apple pay?
where's the money from my transfer from europe?
why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
a wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
how can correct top up with the app to work correctly?
there is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
i exchange my currency quite a bit.  do i get an exchange price break?
i got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
exchange rate for my card payment is wrong
my top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
why is there are there two of the same transaction?
i withdrew cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i received the cash already?
my money didnt go through after i transferred.
after depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
help my find the verification code on a top-up.
i want to add money automatically when i travel.
how do i make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
can i get money in my home currency at some atm? i'm on holiday and am a bit concerned because i don't have any cash with me, it is possible to withdraw here already without any additional cost?
i tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, why?
what is the top up code for?
why did you charge me extra?
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
i have a fee listed for a transfer.
why hasn't the transaction i did to my friend arrive yet?
do you accept mastercard?
my app was on the phone and i was mugged.  what do i do?
how come i was declined
why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
i was charged for using my card?
i just got a new card, and i want to know how to activate.
whats types of currency can i exchange?
how long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
i was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because i made a transfer from france a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
how do i go about changing my address?
can i auto top-up as much as i want?
how do i receive more physical cards
i don't recognise a direct debit payment
i placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
i received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
why is it important to verify my identity?
it looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
my atm transaction shorted me on cash, and i think the exchange rate was wrong. did i receive the correct rate?
i just want to top-up, why do i need to verify anything?
i am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
i was charged the wing amount for an item.
should i complete my security verification before i can use my account?
what if i don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
i need a single use card for shopping online
i've obtained the card, how do i enable it on the app?
i have a us credit card, will you accept it?
can i update my details?
there is a record of payment i never submitted on the app.
my top up did not complete.
i would like to get additional physical cards at this time
please cancel my last transaction.
my payment has been declined!! what's going on, i thought everything was alright and working well?
how did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
i need to transfer money into my account, how?
is it possible to have an item refunded?
what am i going to need in order to activate my card?
hi,accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? money just disappeared from my account.what should be done now?
can i convert currency with the app?
where did the money transfer go?
help. my account has been deducted already and the seller says they haven't received the money yet? when can they expect it?
i tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. did you steal my money?
please let me know what currency i can use to top up my account?
i need to change my phone number.
my top up isnt working
how fast are transfers from europe?
the applied exchange rate is wrong for the cash i got abroad.
how long do i have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
i have just read my statement and there is a payment i don't recognise.
my app is showing a payment that i know i did not do. can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
do i need to add money before i order a card
i am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
although i transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
is there an allowance on cards?
hi, could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. and a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. as i don't want to suffer more.
how can i request cash back? the atm gave me the wrong amount that i've been charged though...
a transfer to my account was denied.
why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
how long will it take for me to get my card?
i really was trying to complete this exhange. i was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. can you tell me what's going on here?
will i be sent a new card before mine expires?
how do i return something for a full refund?
my balance was not updated after transferring money.
problems with my top up
i don't know what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have checked over the recipient details twice. these details are all correct.
which fiat currencies do you currently support? will this change in this future?
what needs to be done to activate and use a card?
i would prefer a mastercard.
my balance is not what i thought it was following an atm withdrawal
last week i put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
i don't see the top-up verification code anywhere
what card types can i choose from?
why was a fee added to my bill when i used my card?
what do i do to get a physical card?
so earlier i went to an atm and got cash. but when i checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. how can that be when i have the cash on me?
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency atms
canceling my order is what i need to do right now.
i need to cancel a transfer
why has my top up been cancelled
why am i still not able to see the money i deposited a week ago? this is urgent!!
i see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
i tried to use the atm with foreign currency. the conversion rate applied was wrong.
what is the maximum for auto top-up?
i would like to change currency
i have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
using google pay, can i top up?
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
what is the verification process used for?
why can't i withdraw cash?
the app shows a fraudulent payment made on my account.
what's the process of changing from gbp to aud?
what are my limits on disposable cards?
i did not receive the right amount of cash.
i bought some things in the morning but the payment shows as pending
my bank is in europe, how long will the transfer take?
why cant i transfer to my account?
can you issue both a visa and a mastercard to me?
why is it required to verify my identity?
i found the card that i thought i lost, and i would like to reactivate it.
i noticed a new fee on my account. i didn't know there were fees for these payments. what is the policy?
hey, i think someone stole my card numbers. there is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. i really need that money back to pay my rent.
my credit card got declined for top up! what's going on? can you check on why it didn't go through?
do i get an actual card?
i need to make a transfer from europe, how many days does this take?
i made a transfer into my account and now i need to cancel it
i will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. is this possible?
why can't i complete my transfer?
i didnt put that money in my account
i can still see money in my account after making a payment
could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
there is the same transaction showing more than once.
do i have to pick a creditcard brand?
purchases i did not make are appearing in my bank statement?
i tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. what happened?
my card payment wasn't accepted.
a withdrawal is showing that i don't recognize
i have a transaction showing up more than once.
the atm would not give me cash,why?
it's been more than a week since i had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
i might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
i don't think the charges made when i had currency exchanged are right.
i went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. i would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
the recipient can not locate funds.
why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
i saw that my transfer was declined.
can you tell me where to find my top-up verification code?
what's the deal with verifying the top-up?
an extra pound was charged!
the recipient doesn't see the money transaction i made
do i get visa or mastercard?
how can i get a refund for an item i purchased but has not yet arrived?
i just noticed that i supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. the problem is, i don't recognize the seller. there must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. can you do that, because i don't remember this transaction?
why do transfers get declined?
will the system automatically top up itself?
who should i talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
hello there, i tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank i'm using or the country that i'm from?money is also missing from my account
will you send me a new card in china?
there's a payment in the app i don't recognize.
the cheque i sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. what is the issue?
why was i charged an additional $1?
should my top-up be completed by now?
i'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. can you verify that payment has been made?
when the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
i wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
i did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
i just got my card and cannot get it to work.
what does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
i got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
i would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
i completed i transfer the day before yesterday in this country. the transfer still is not complete. i've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. can you check to see what's going on with this?
do you charge for cash withdrawals?  i want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
one of my card payments looks like it's stuck but i have made the payment days ago. how long until the payment will be applied to my account?
is it possible to get another card?
i should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
why do i see an extra fee on my statement?
what is the process to change my pin?
it is extremely important that i cancel the transfer i made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  is this possible?
can i use american express with apple pay? why does it make my top up not work?
i'm really concerned because i only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
top up did not work on the app.
why does it cost more to pay with my card?
i was overcharged a pound.
my new card needs activating.
why doesn't it work when i use american express to try to add money to my account?
how do i get a card in the eu?
why can't i take $100 out
i would like more physical cards
my marital status has change, i got to correct my name to reflect that.
can i get my money back on an item?
why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
can i change my pin without being physically present?
why does my statement show an extra fee?
my app says i withdraw funds from my account through an atm.
why did the person i transferred money to not receive the correct amount? what should i do to get them the right amount, do i have to transfer more money to them?
what are the countries you support.
i was under the impression atm cash withdrawals were free. why was i suddenly charged for my most recent atm transaction?
why am i having trouble withdrawing cash?
do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
why wasn't my card payment accepted?
my bank app said that i got cash from an atm, but that's a mistake.
a fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
why couldn't i get cash from an atm?
is it possible to get a physical card?
help please!  my rent payment is coming out tomorrow and i made a payment mistake yesterday! can you put in in the correct account?
why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
i tried to get cash at some atm in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. i've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. please cancel it immediately as i definitely have not received that money!
what kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
why has my new card still not come?
the seller of the items i bought online the other day hasn't received the eu transfer yet. how long do these usually take?
i entered the correct pin but i still couldnt get funds.
why isn't my card working? i was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. help please.
i recently made a transfer that i would like to cancel
my app shows a direct debit that isn't mine.
i transferred some money but it hasn't arrived.
how can i order my card?
what should i do about a direct debit that i did not set up?
why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
my phone was stolen, what can i do?
why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
the transger i tried to make failed.
can i stop a transaction?
i see a cash withdrawal in the app that i did not do.
what fee will be charged for exchanges?
help!  what should i do?  my phone was stolen yesterday.
the exchange rate you are using is really bad. this can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
why isn't my google pay top up working?
a transfer has been made in my account that i need to cancel.  this was a mistake on my part and i hope we can get this resolved quickly.
the transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
how can i setup automatic top-up?
i am confused why there is cash i did not accept in my account
i need to change my name, since i just got married
why did my top-up fail?
what is the wait time until money reaches my account?
i believe there is a mistake because a payment i didn't make shows in my app.
everything was stolen from me.  i can't use the app.  please advise.
i submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.what could be the possible issue?
why was i charged a fee when making this transfer when i shouldn't have been?
atm withdrawal not working.
why am i being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
i made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
i finally got my card.  now i want to link it.  is that something you have to do or can i do that?
i don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
where do i go to cancel a transaction?
i want to top up my account. can i do it with google pay?
how can i verify my top up?
i've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) what is wrong with your system?
how can i edit my personal details in the app?
to many charges on my card how do i go about fixing that?
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
the cash i wanted wasn't there.
my card did not go through in a shop
why hasn't my top-up gone through?
how do i find the refund on my statement?
i used the atm to get money out and did not realize i would be charged as much as i was or i would not have done that!
when traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
why can't you allow my beneficiary?
why was a payment i made reverted?
show me how to activate my card
why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
how long do i need to wait to see an update after i make a bank transfer?
i see a charge of 1l i do not recognize on my statement
what is the price for a physical card?
why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than i expected?
phone is gone
i had to pay a pound more than i anticipated!
hi there, i've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. is your system down or something?
i made a transfer from my uk account a couple of hours ago.  could you please make sure everything went alright.
i purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
how can i get a refund for a purchase?
i withdraw cash from the atm and was charged a fee
how can i revert a transaction from this morning?
my card activation is failing.
how much transactions do i get with a disposable card?
i would like a physical card
there was a fee charged when i paid with my card.
what's the pending length for credit transactions? i've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
why was there an extra charge when i transferred money?
i requested a refund from next because the dress i purchased had three arm holes. they said they sent the refund last wednesday which is nearly a week ago and i still don't have it.  why not?
what do i need to have with me to activate card
why does a top- up need to be verify?
a payment is pending
my payment was rejected
i'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
i need to activate my card, how is that done?
i have to quickly transfer something to china. how long will it take to arrive there?
i have a duplicate payment on my card.
is it possible to change from aud to gbp?
unusual direct deposit
how do i get a new card when my old one expires?
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
hello, i didn't receive the right amount on my atm transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
why has my top-up been denied?
i can't freeze my account as i need the card as i am traveling, how do i change my pin?
why am i unable to withdrawal cash?
my transfer has not arrived.
the cash i got at the atm is still in my account.
why do you have an identity check?
so, i was just charged for my recent atm withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. what is the issue here?
is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
how can i track my card's delivery?
what do you do with all the identity information you're collecting from me?
i'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
can you please tell me where my card is? i ordered it 2 weeks ago!
your atm pin can be changed at any visa or mastercard atm with pin services. certain countries don't support atm pin changes.
why should i verify the top-up?
my atm transaction was cancelled.
visa or mastercard?
there is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. i don't remember making this and it won't go away. can you help me figure this out?
can someone assist me with activating my new card?
hello, i tried to take some cash out of the atm but i looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. is the machine broken? will i receive my money back or will i be charged for this?
if my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can i use my account?
is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
i inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
what happens if the atm gives me the wrong amount of money?
i made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
when i bought something abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
i received my american express in apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
there is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. can i ask why?
hello, i see that i have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
why do my transfers keep failing?
my exchange seems to have something wrong with it. i changed over russian ruble to uk pounds and it appears i was charged way more than i was supposed to be.
why did you give me so little currency?
how does identity check work?
there's a card payment with a name i don't recognize
is there a reason my payments are pending?
i need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
the app says my transfer failed
my netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but i thought everything was fine. why would it be declined?
i don't understand why my card payment is pending.  it has been pending for too long.  why is this and when might it go through?
do you have a tracking number for the card i was sent?
can i cancel this purchase?
where do i go to add a new card?
i have a transfer that was approved that i'm urgently waiting for. how long am i supposed to wait for it?
foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an atm i used.
how many cards am i allowed?
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that already.
what does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
i think there has been a mistake with my transfer
could you please put a freeze on my card?  there are some payments on it that i don't know where they came from.
i can't see my google pay top up. is it not working correctly?
i tried to get cash in the atm but it was not approved
please tell me why i was charged additionally when i used the card.
just received my replacement card, what steps do i need to take to activate it?
i was charged twice for a few things this week when i only bought one. what do i do?
am i permitted to have a spare card?
there was some money taken from my account that i don't remember paying for. am i able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? im not sure i need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
how do i get money from an atm using my card? i can't seem to get it to work? i used the pin i had, but maybe it's wrong? what do i need to do to fix this?
why am i being charged to make cash withdrawals? i thought they were supposed to be free!
i was not able to use the atm to get cash
i purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
the cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. why?
my address details have changed and i want to update them
how do i add my new card to the app?
when will the transaction be done?
i'm not sure why my card didn't work
i contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. i am frustrated and need these funds. please help me get my money back.
i withdrew money from an atm today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what i withdrew. i checked the amount the atm gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. what is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
my card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
i need to modify my details.
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
there's a payment in my history i don't recognize
i don't understand where this charge came from.
what do i need to do to request cash back? the atm actually just gave me the wrong amount. the app i actually chose the right amount.
i tried to top up with my card but it's not working. i had just done this a couple days previously and it worked. can you tell me what's going on here please?
hi, i was at a restaurant later the week and when i went to look at my account i noticed that i got charged twice. i would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
i'm going on holiday to france for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, fluffy.  i just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  what is this for?
i'm still waiting for my card.
are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
i received the wrong amount of cash back
i would like my money back for an item i purchased
you sent me a card and now i want to link it.
i'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
i made a mistake of transferring, can i cancel my previous transfer?
i checked the app and there is a payment that i don't recognize.
can i put my old card back in the app?
is auto top up a provided service?
why have i been charged more than once for the same transaction?
on my statement there is a payment that i don't recognise
what's going on with my balance? shouldn't it be a bit higher since i deposited a cheque a day ago?
can i go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
how much longer until i get my new card?
do you issue cards for someone living in the us?
i'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
how do i make my card show up in the app?
i tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
i was so embarrassed. why didn't my payment clear?
can i make a withdraw in my home currency at an atm? i'm on vacation and am a bit worried because i don't have cash with me. is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
i had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
what do i need to do to link my new card for my account?
when will i be able to see the refund
i need to track the card sent to me.
how long are my top ups pending
i have a disposable card, how many transactions can i make?
why am i unable to withdraw my money through this card?
how can i investigate a missing refund?
am i limited on the amount of disposable cards i can possess?
hi, i'm buying my son bertie a starter home in london.  i'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. it's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  what is going on?  if i wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
please tell me how i can receive a physical card
my card payment has been declined
i made a payment that is not yet complete.
why did the top-up fail?
there is a strange charge on my debit statement
what currencies can be exchanged in the app?
i did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
what was the $1 fee i got
what are the restrictions of the disposable cards?
can i get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
my refund is not here yet
in the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
why was i charged twice?
why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
when will my balance reflect a deposit?
i wish to use my american express to put funds into my account.
the date my card expires is coming up
how do i get top up to work in apple pay?
i am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque i deposited!
i tried to buy something over the internet yesterday and got a declined error. i tried again today and got the same message. what is the issue?
when will i get my refund?
it says the transfer wasn't accepted.
why did i get charged a fee for transferring money?
why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? at first it said it was confirmed but now i can't find it.
i believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction i made abroad.
i moved and need to change my personal information.
why can't i withdraw cash from this atm?
there's a payment showing in the app today even though i have not used my card at all. i want a refund.
i could not get the top-up to go through
why are there additional fees for transfers?
i would like to alter my personal details.
the first payment i attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so i had to make a second attempt. the second time it worked. it now appears i was charged twice. after looking at the app i see a pending charge. please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
why was i charged a random fee for a transfer i made?
why was i denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
can i change my pin at any atm?
why hasn't my transaction completed?
can the card be mailed to europe?
i found my card, how can i use it again?
are multiple currencies acceptable?
what is the limit on auto top?
i sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. how long will it stay pending?
how do a reverse a duplicated charge?
what are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
i bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
where can i check out the source of available funds in my account?
do i have to change my pin at a bank?
can i have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
is it possible to change my address?
can you please explain how bank transfers work?
i have the funds, why can i not use my top-up?
the refund isn't appearing in my account
please tell me how to change my pin.
how will i know when i can use the auto top-up feature?
there is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
why was i charged a fee for my card payment?
what is the auto top-up limit?
i made a payment but the app gave the money back.
i want a refund, but i haven't received the item yet. can i cancel it and get my funds back? how do i do that.
why has my top-up failed?
the atm wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
which cards do you support for top up?
why do i have to verify top up?
i found my card again. can i put it back into the app?
i  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did it charge me extra?
i have received my american express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
is there a tracking number for the card?
i have been charged for one thing two times.
how do i get my card?
why do you need verification for my identity?
i sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  can you trace the transfer i made to make sure it arrived so i can provide proof i sent it and that it has been deposited?
how do i get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
i've never been to that store.  that's a fraudulent charge.
i need some money transferred asap, how long does the process take?
why isn't my refund on my statement?
can i get the mastercard?
my transfer failed
i made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
was my transaction reverted with my card?
if i exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
i was not distributed all of cash that i requested
is there a reason my transfer failed?
my latest payment was declined! what happened! i was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
when does a uk transfer show up?
why did my top-up not go through?
i didn't get all the cash i asked for
i want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
why am i charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
can you check if my money has reached my account since it is not showing up yet?
can i get another card?
how do i replace my card?
when i was transferring money i was charged extra why?
can you explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
there is a withdrawal on my account i didn't make.
is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
i deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
how do i input a new address?
i have a fee showing from last time i used my card.
do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
my card shows a cash withdrawal i don't recognize.
google play top up help?
i transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
how do i get my card to show in the app?
my top-up was cancelled and i am writing to ask if i need to complete the 3d secure authentication section before i submit it.
hi, i was just checking over my card transactions and notice i was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
the transfer that i was trying to complete was declined. what was the cause?
what on earth is up with the exchange rate! this should have been a much higher amount of cash
why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
why do i see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
what is your refund policy for products i have purchased?
why am i seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
it appears my top-ups have been canceled.
there is a payment showing that i know i didn't make. i didn't use my card that day and i'm sure of it. can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? thankyou
please tell me how to get a card if i reside in the us.
when will my top up be applied?
cancel transaction
is there a problem with your system being down or something? i have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but i'm getting nowhere.
how do i access the auto top-up option?
i deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
i checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
what are the steps to change my pin to something else?
i got declined when attempting a transfer
can i have more physical cards?
there is a strange payment on my card.
i made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" its lesser than it should be.now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
i received the wrong amount of cash from the atm. can you help?
how long does it take to transfer from china? is there a way to transfer it quickly, i need it urgently?
i thought transfers were free. why was i charged to transfer?
how can i exchange currencies using your app?
is there a way to track the delivery of my card?
i deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
i need a second card, can i have more than one?
why did i get charged more for using my card?
since when do you charge to make a withdrawal? i've always done it for free. so how much is it now?
i do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, i do not recall making this transaction. can you please tell me what this is about?
i think my top up is still pending?
how much can i withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
i put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
i've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
why was my cash withdrawal declined by the atm?
what is this cash withdrawal i don't recognize?
i just received a new card, where do i go to link it to my account?
if there isn't a lot of money left, will it automatically top-up money?
what are the steps needed to top up with apple pay?
i've been waiting for a refund where is it?
can i use my card in austria?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
the cheque i sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
i have a card that expires in the coming month, do i have to specifically ask for the updated card?
i made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
when i'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
can i receive my card anywhere?
how many currencies can i have money in in my account?
what is needed for the identity verification?
can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? i tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. i need to get the money in there asap. i have enough and all the account info is correct.
why is my card being declined at the atm? i have tried multiple atms and i keep running into the same problem. could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
am i allowed to change my pin anywhere?
rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an atm.
my top up did not go through yet.
i normally have no issues making transfers, so why am i suddenly being told it is not possible?
let me know how many disposable cards i can have?
i was charged multiple times for one purchase
i must verify the source of my funds
i live in the eu, can i get one of your cards?
i'm not sure where my phone is.  can someone else use the app?
how many different currencies can i have my money in?
i didn't make this payment and it's on my app
how to activate google pay for top up?
how much longer do i have to wait until my transaction is complete? i transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
why will my transfer not go through?!  keep getting an error message.
help! i made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
i don't think i made this payment that is showing up
i have have multiple charges for one transaction.
can i use my apple watch to top up?
what happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
with this app, will i be able to exchange currency?
what documentation do i need for the identity check?
what does pending payment mean?
can i already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
the exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
help me please, i need to top up cash.
i have been trying to make transfers to another account but i keep getting a declined notice. i have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
there are two of the same charge on my statement.
i'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. i haven't been able to get it to go through. am i doing something wrong?
the exchange rate was different than expected
there is a 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. what is that? i haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
i know this very late, but i just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that i definitely haven't made. is it still possible to dispute it?
why am i charged a fee for getting cash?
can this app exchange american and english currency?
can you tell me where  can change my pin?
can i add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
the product is not working, can i get a refund?
i went to an atm to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. how is that possible when i already have the cash with me?
can you tell me what currencies i can use to add money?
what do i do if i see a transaction on my card that i don't recall making?
there was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, i've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
i put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
the atm keeps declining my transaction . i tried two different atms already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
the exchange rate is incorrect on an item i recently purchased in a foreign country.
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
while getting cash, i was charged a fee.
i went to the notting hill atm to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
there was an extra charge when i used my card
i was informed that transfers were free. i noticed i have a fee but why?
i bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
hi, i lost my phone yesterday, what can i do to stop someone using my account on it?
hi, i'm trying to by some crypto and the app isn't allowing it. i really want to exchange this, what am i doing wrong?
i anticipate getting a visa card
my purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. can you tell me why?
my morning transaction needs to be canceled.
i desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? can you solve this for me? i need to use my card immediately!
when will the transaction post to my account?
hello, i have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so i can get the money back? it's very important.
i just had a wedding and i want to take my spouses name.
hi, i made a transfer yesterday that i need to reverse.  i need to put the money in a different account.
i don't think i should have been charged a fee to use my card.
how are cash withdrawals pending?
an overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
i am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
where is the transfer to my account that i made?
why am i not seeing the check i deposited this morning in my account?
my card's expiration is approaching, how do i replace it.
how can i activate the new card i got?
i tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. where is the rest of my money?
i made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  what's the hold up?
i found the card i thought i lost this morning. can i reactivate this card?
if my card expires next month, will i need to order a new one?
i attempted to get cash in the atm but it was not authorized
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me a different amount than what i've been charged though...
will my pin number be sent with my card?
i would like to link my card to my account.
why is my cash still pending that i put in atm?
which atm's am i able to change my pin?
i see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
i'd like to use my american express to place money into my account.
how long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
one of my card payments has reverted
why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
i want to link to my card card with you, how?
am i allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
my purchase from this morning still is pending.
the $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
my card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
how long does it take in europe to do a transfer?
i sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? i am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
i tried to top up but the app rejected it.
how can i request cash back? the atm just gave me a different amount than what i've been actually charged though...
i think the payment from my card was revereted
the activation process did not work, please help?
i made a payment that seems to be stuck. it's been a couple of days already. can you tell me how long it will take?
i made an atm withdraw it didn't give me the amount i asked for but is showing a withdraw for that amount.
how can i fix this? the atm gave me more cash than i'd asked for.
i want to choose a new pin.
i got a message that i cannot name x as a beneficiary.
why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
if i need more than cards will i have to pay a fee to receive them?
the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
in what way can i change my pin and where do i need to be?
i think i was charged a different exchange rate than what was posted at the time.
i have a fee for cash withdrawal
i believe my top up is still pending
i would like to get some extra cards?
there is a direct debit fee in the app that i didn't do.
i transferred money to another country several days ago, but my transaction is still pending. i have checked that the accounts are keyed in correctly. what sees to be the problem?
is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
help! i need to transfer something to china.
why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
why is the payment i made still pending?
why hasn't my top up gone through?
why can't i withdraw funds from my account?
why has my payment been declined? i paid by card.
why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   can i get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
what are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
what is the length of time for money to reach the account?
i got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
why is my card payment cancelled?
i see a reverted payment on my account. why has this happened?
why is the exchange rate terrible?  that can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
i tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. i thought it would be there by now but i still don't see the money. can you check the status on my transfer?
where do i verify a top-up card?
where did my money go? i'm not able to withdraw it from my atm.
i have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer i did a few days ago still has not appeared! what is the hold up?
what types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
soon my card will expire, how do i get a new one?
i am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
why did i not get my refund yet?
why am i being charged for atm cash withdrawals? the only reason i use it is because it's been free! now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
do i have to go into the bank to change my pin?
my balance didn't change after i transferred some money.
why did i get declined transfer
the app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
i have a transaction and would like to know if i it's cancelable?
what may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
i live in portugal. do you operate here?
i just transferred some money. why was i charged a fee?
how do i get a new card sent to china?
my top-up is not working. why is that?
my balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
i should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
around one or two weeks ago i purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. i have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. what is happening?
i'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
i didn't get the correct amount of money from the atm machine
what does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
i sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. i need this money, what is the problem?
i had a card payment that was declined.  why?
where can i find out the fee structure for my account? i have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. i can't find a pattern in these fees.
how do i change my pin while traveling?
how do i change the pin?
what is this extra fee on my statement.
what do i need to do to cancel a transaction?
i deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that i did?
i think my top up may have been reverted, what do i do?
how can i exchange currencies
hi, i am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. i have never experienced any problems doing this before. could you please help me?
i heard you have an auto-top up option, where do i find that?
i asked for 100 only got 80
what are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
i think a card payment i made was cancelled, can you check?
i didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
how do i make my top up complete?
if i order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
why isn't the transfer i made to a friend showing?
i made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
i need to change my home address.
i am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
what are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
i need a refund. this is not what i wanted.
i sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
i did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. this is an emergency. it needs to be canceled before it goes through.
why is the transfer showing pending?
i've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? could my card be locked? i don't know what to do.
why top up is not working even if i got my american express in apple bay?
my transfer did not work, what was the reason?
apple watch top up help, please?
how long do bank transfers usually take?
how much do you charge for exchange rates?
does my top up and apple pay work together?
how do i change the details in my account?
i need to actuate my card.
my top-up was rejected
why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
is there something that i can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
which countries do you support?
i think you reverted my top up.
i topped up but it isn't in my account
there's a payment with my card that i didn't perform. i don't know that name shown.
how come i can see an extra charge for my transfer?
everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
i purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
how long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
why is there a fee on my money transfer?
i need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. please help me quickly so this does not go through.
my transfer has still not appeared.
my transfer to a beneficiary did not go through.  why?
if i have already completed a cash withdrawal at an atm, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
my statement has a payment that i do not recall making
is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
can i change my pin if i want to?
i made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
there are a couple payments with my card shown that i'm not responsible for. what is going on? maybe someone has access to my account.
is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
i got double charged!
someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
my top-up was just cancelled.
are eur exchanges acceptable?
i noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
i transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
the app says that i got cash in an atm and i didn't
where is the top up verification code found?
what kind of cards are supported?  what currency?
a payment shows up on the app that i never made.
the exchange rate i was charged for a purchase was not right.
why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  i though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
can i get some help activating my new card?
where is my money transfer?
i got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
my money hasn't been transferred yet.
my card did not work at store.
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
why would my payment still show as pending?
i need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since i made a mistake. please help before it goes through.
i need a new card before it expires.
what do i do if i got the wrong amount at the atm?
what commission do you take for currency exchage?
why is their a charge pending on my card still?
can i order a new card with the app?
my card is expiring soon, how do i order a new card?
i was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
why is my beneficiary not working?
even though i added money ey to the card, i couldn't use it
can i add money automatically to my account while traveling?
explain why my top up would be reverted.
how long does an international transfer take? i made the transfer from france 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
how do i get another card
there is a charge for an additional pound.
i need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item i purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
are eur exchanges allowed?
explain top-up cancellation
there is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .never seen that it before.
i made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
the expiration date on my card is very soon, and i need to get a new one.  what are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
please tell me the limit to topping-up.
why is there a cash withdrawal i didn't make?
i recently made a transfer but i need to cancel it as soon as possible.  please let me know when this happens.
the app reverted after i topped-up
please help me.  i am still waiting on a refund.
is it possible to cancel a transaction?
the payment for the card did not go through
my order needs to be canceled.
can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
i am still waiting to find out the status of my refund. i have made previous attempts to find out what the status is to no avail. will you please look into this for me?
i topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. is there a way to quicken this process?
there is a weird payment in my statement.
i do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
i want to link my new card. can you help?
how can many disposable cards can i have per day?
how to get new card after atm eats it
why am i not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
i am using the app, and i see cash withdrawals that i did not authorize.
it didn't give me my cash
what is this witdrawal
i have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
i don't know why my credit card was declined while i was trying to top-up. was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
i put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? why is this?
my top-up was cancelled, could my bank be the problem?
for what reason must i authenticate the top up?
my card expires next week. how do i get a new one?
why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
i withdrew cash and was charged
my card was refused
in which countries does your app work
how many cards can i have?
how do i go about changing my pin?
will money be added automatically when necessary?
how long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
the atm gave me less cash than requested
why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
what kind of money can i hold?
i just got a card, how can i add it to the app?
where can i find the verification code for the top up card?
i did a transfer but its still pending
why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
i selected to withdrawal 30 pounds but only received 10. i'm still standing in front of the atm. the app shows i took out 30 pounds also. how do i fix this?
the currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase i made.
if i exchange currency frequently, can i get a discounted rate?
why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. there's a fee that wasn't there before.
will i have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
i was charged more than once for a card payment i made.
is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
what should i do if my phone is lost or stolen?
my daughter would like a card from my account?  can i do this?
can this app be used to exchange currencies?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
how many transactions can i do with a disposable card?
after i got my cash, i found out my exchange rate was wrong.
what steps should i take before my card expires?
how long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
i am unhappy with an item i bought. how do i get a refund?
i tried to withdraw some funds from my card, but was declined. how can i get my money?
if my phone was stolen, do i need to do anything?
how can i verify my top-up card?
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
what currencies can be used for top up?
i no longer need aud, i need gbp instead, how can i make this happen?
i need to exchange between different currencies, like gbp and usd. can i do that with your app?
how long does transfers take?
which countries do you operate in
why isn't the recipient seeing the transaction? i just sent the money.
can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
i wasn't applied the correct exchange rate when getting cash
i am in the eu. can i get one of your cards?
can i transfer something urgently from china? how long does it take?
there is a payment in my app that i did not make.  i have not used that card all day  please reimburse my money.
what is the estimated wait time on a us transfer into my account?
why was my transfer stopped ?
how long will my transfer stay pending?
my money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
how long do bank transfers take to clear
i had an unexpected fee
i tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. what happened?
why do i have an unknown payment?
why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
can i get a new pin number at any atm using my card?
why doesn't the person i sent money to see that transfer yet?
i have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. i have no clue as to why.
i made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
is my card activated?
if my account is low in funds, can i set an auto top-up?
i am tired of getting charged fees, and i have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
how long until my new card gets here?
i tried activation my card and it didn't employment
there was a direct debit from my account and i didn't authorise it
i have not received the completed transaction.
what other currencies can i hang onto?
how do i link a new payment card?
how do i exchange aud for gbp?
i don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
my transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
can i use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
what countries can i use your services?
do i get a card to keep in my wallet?
for what reason can i not transfer money to a beneficiary?
i just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
why didn't my payment process
it declined my transfer.
please let me know how to change my pin?
i have a card payment which shows as pending
my top up is not working
why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
the exchange rate is wrong from something i got in another country
i would like to activate my card.
am i able to return an item for a refund?
i was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
i was charged twice.
when my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
i'm not sure if my pop-up went through.
are there any fees to get additional cards?
i don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
how long do transfers take to go though
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
i tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? is something wrong?
google pay top up not working.
i think my top up was reversed.
how long do money transfers take? my friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
i checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller i didn't approve of. can you help me understand?
what do i do if my google pay top up isn't working?
i made a purchase with my card and i was charged a fee for using it
i only have one other credit card from the us. do you accept that?
hello, i have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  i made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  are these types of transactions free of charge?
i am not in the uk can i get a card?
the amount of money i pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
how do i exchange currencies using this app?
i need a refund for something i bought.
hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. i was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. could you please assist?
the exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
can you tell me if a credit/refund is coming from a seller? i asked for refund directly from them and am still waiting. it's been a week now and i still havn't seen my refund yet.
there are a couple payments with my card in the app i see that i didn't create. what is happening? maybe someone gained access to my account.
cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
which fiat currencies can i use through this app?
i noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase i made abroad was incorrect.
what's the limit for auto top-up?
you advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
i just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
my card was refused, why?
i have been charged two times for one transaction.
why haven't i seen the cash from the cheque i deposited yet?
i set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person i'm sending it to has not received it.  can you check where the money is?
i hope you can help me. someone has stolen my wallet and now i have noticed that they have been taking money from my account.
is there a frequent currency discount?
i want to use my card. how do i activate it?
i will be traveling.  can i add money automatically?
what i need to verify my account
there is a cash withdrawal from an atm listed but i don't remember making this withdrawal.
how can i verify if a cash withdrawal was made from my account? i still have my card with me but i did not authorize the withdrawal that just occurred.
do you let me choose between visa and mastercard?
i have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
what is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
i need to order a new card.
what was the issue with my topping up?
what do i have to do to change my pin?
i am here to change my adress.
why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
my card won't let me withdraw money.
i need australian dollars instead of uk currency.
why is there a verification to identity
after purchasing an item i noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
what went wrong with my transfer?
where is my money from this morning
where can i located the auto top up function?
why did i only get 20.00
is this card available to united states residents?
how can i order a card?
which fiat currencies are supported by you?
i found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so i'd like to reactivate it please.
my phone was stolen, what should i do?
some cash has been withdrawn but i didn't do it.
my phone was stolen, what should i do first?
i am trying to complete a transfer but i keep getting an error message.
how do i auto top-up?
must i verify my identity?
i want to apply for a visa card.
i want to transfer money. how do i do that for my account?
is it possible for me to top up with google pay?
can you help me figure out what is going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account i am not sure is suppose to be there.
why was my withdrawal declined
i received my american express in apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not functioning properly?
when i went to get cash, it was declined!
is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
i think my card is expiring, what happens then?
i need another card
what would be a reason my transfer got declined?
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
why would the app deny my top-up?
my rate is not right when i used my card in a different country's money.
i checked my account today and saw that i was charged an extra pound that i did not spend.
i just found a payment from a while back in my account that i didn't make.  can i still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago?
i tried activating my card and it didn't work
i did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
how long will this transfer from europe take?
how can i change my pin without going to the bank?
are bank transfers immediate?
when will the cash that i put in the atm be cleared from pending status?
what is the function of the identity check
my card was supposed to arrive, but hasn't?
what do i do to verify a top-up?
what form of payments can i use for topping up?
i need my card to be activated right now.
my account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
when i made a transfer i was charged extra.
why did i not get the amount of money i requested?
what is the current exchange fee?
how long until i see a cash withdrawal?
i payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. everything looks good to me and i even double checked the account number. i don't know what could be causing the confusion. can you help me please?
im going to need to make a transfer from a uk account but i need it to go through asap. is that going to be possible or will it take forever?? im hoping it will be a couple hours and not a couple weeks.
how long will a transfer take from europe?
i see a direct debit charge that i did not approve
i used my card to get cash then i was charged a fee that i shouldn't have been charged.
how long will a transfer from europe take?
my credit card seems to have been declined for top up. why is it not going through? can you tell me what's going on?
am i getting charged for making a payment?
what do i do if i find a debit charge that i know i didn't do in my billing statement?
why does it still charge me even though i was unable to withdraw money from the atm?
my card is about to expire.  how do i get a new card?
i am looking to change my adress.
how do i get into my account and edit my details
i am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but i was.
i see a strange payment in my account.
please help!  the app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  i accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  i need this cancelled immediately.
i was given less cash then i wanted.
what kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
i want to use my account before identity verification
i was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
how much would an extra card cost?
can i use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
why am i being charged extra when i withdrew money?
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the atm today, the atm has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
why do i see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
my account transfer was blocked.
can i change or hold different currency?
i have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
where do i find my code to verify my top-up card?
my apple pay top up with my american express card is not working? please tell me why
can currencies be exchanged on this app?
not living in same place, need to change details
i did not make this payment that i see in the app.
when can i expect my transfer to reach my account?
how many different currencies can i hold money in?
can i add a card that i just found (again) to the app?
the wrong account was used during a transaction.
i need to know what's going on. i was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
is there a limit on auto top-up?
how long is the wait for a money transfer to show up?
i purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though i've already received one of the items. can you tell me what's going on?
is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
i had a cheque deposited, but i don't see my money yet?
i have multiple of the same transaction
balance is not up to date.
i don't see my card anywhere in the app.
my top-up is still pending
the bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
where can i top my card for free?
can i get a visa or mastercard?
i can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. i have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. please tell me what is wrong?
why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
i did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
i have a cash withdrawal that i don't recognize.
im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! i asked them to refund my money for the item but it's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. can you resolve this for me?
i have a service fee that i've never seen before. it showed up after i bought something from an international seller online.
my identity has been stolen. i still have my physical card but there are charges i didn't make on my account. how do i cancel this card or dispute the charges?
how can i change my name because i just got married?
my card has been pending for a while, what should i do?
i have been charged an extra pound!
hi, i just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again! please help!
if i get a transfer from europe, how long until it is in my account?
i bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. isn't that free?
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
from what countries can i use an account?
why  am i being told this  transfer will not  go thru
why can't the person i sent the money transfer to see it?
is there a fee for making a payment? if so, let me know why.
what is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
i asked for $40 and i only received $20, what happened?
my transfer's stuck on pending.
what is the reason i couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
hello, i tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. i just got it a couple days before and it works fine. what's the deal? can you check into this?
visa and mastercard, can i get them both?
i withdrew cash and was charged. why?
if i want to change my pin number can i directly from an atm?
explain the activation method for this card
i have an outgoing transfer
i have a problem with my account. i tried to transfer some funds and the message came back declined. can you help me?
in the app i see a direct debit that i don't recognize.
there are funds showing in my app that i did not receive.
why is the identity check involved?
can you make exchanges with the eur?
my id verification hasn't gone through yet, but can i use my account anyway?
if my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
i've got charges on my account i did not authorize. can i get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? i also need to freeze my card.
how to exchange currencies
i think my card payment has been reverted
my transfer still says pending
why would a card payment be declined?
my card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
what is the first step i need to make for being able to access my account?
still waiting for transfer to be completed.
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
under what condition will my payment revert?
what is the solution of this problem
i have a cash withdrawal in my statement. why is that?
when i was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
why can't i make multiple payments with my virtual card?
could you explain why my card payment did not work?
hi, today i have withdrawn cash from atm but i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount than that.
what do i do to activate my new card?
do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
i got a message that my transfer was declined.
which currencies will you exchange?
is there a reason that my transfer failed?
there seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app i know weren't made by me. is there a possibility someone has access to my card? can you find out what's going on?
how long does it take for cash withdrawals to hit my account?
i am still waiting for a refund
i need to get visa and mastercard
i want to use auto top-up. is there a limit?
what did you do with my money??? i just topped up, i saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! what did you do with it?
what are the benefits of a disposable card?
while abroad i got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
someone has a copy of my card !! i definitely still have it here but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, help!
i have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
the atm didn't give me enough money.
what are the disposable cards restrictions?
do i have to verify the top-up?
looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. i paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. app stays at pending for one of the payments. can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
i'm getting concerned here.  i sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  what's going on?
i usually don't get charged for transfers, why was i this month?
how do i sign up for a card if i'm in america?
how do i change my details?
my cards were stolen
how can i dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
i would like to get both a visa and mastercard?
why won't you accept my payment? i keep trying with this card and it's not working.
where do i order a card?
how can i alteration my pin?
i don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because i forgot my details.
i moved so i need to change my address. how do i do that?
why was my atm withdrawal cancelled?
my account shows that i made a cash withdrawal but i cannot remember doing so!
where can i edit personal details?
how do i replace my card before it expires next month?
how long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? i've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
can i have a card even if i am not living in the uk?
i was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
there's a cash withdrawal on my account that i didn't make
how does on apply fora refund on an item he ordered? i ordere an item and have not received it yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund
i still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. why?
can i get both a visa and a mastercard from you?
my transaction went through but i was charged a fee. why?
verify top-up card help?
i did a transaction this morning and now i want to cancel it.
i need to cancel my recent transfer as soon as possible. i made an error there. please help before it goes through.
i need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
where is the refund on my statement?
i need to cancel a transaction immediately.
they used the wrong rate when i made a purchase with foreign currency.
could you please help me?  i made my rent payment and have double checked that i sent it to the right account.  the person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
hi there, earlier today i tried to take money out of an atm machine, and something wasn't working.  i didn't actually receive the money, but i just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  can you tell me what's going on here? am i still being charged for the withdrawal even though i didn't end up getting any money?
cash withdrawal was incorrect at atm.
i just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. i checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. can you  please fix this for me quickly?
i can't access my money. is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? i set it up correctly.
i have never been charged for making an atm cash withdrawal before, but i am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. what happened?
why are top-ups being verified?
i was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
are there limits on the virtual cards?
while on vacation i used an atm to get cash and was overcharged. these charges are ridiculous and had i known about them i would have never used it.
why do i need to have my identity verified?
i would like to cancel my purchase.
do i need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
i have a pending top-up
can i have money of different country of origin.
can i be charged for topping up by card
what is the average wait for transfers
why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
can you tell me why my transfer declined?
i got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
my top up doesn't work
what is the expected delivery date of my card?
it's been a week since i ordered my card and it's not here. please help?
will you charge for a physical card?
my phone got stolen, how can i use the app?
i just realized i made the wrong transaction  yesterday. would  you please make it correct?i need it by tomorrow.
i can't see a refund for a return i completed recently.
when will my top up go through?
where do i go to edit my personal details on my account?
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
i paid with my card and was charged extra
help me change my pin.
it seems that the rate i got is incorrect.
my disposable virtual card won't work.
i'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
what stipulations do disposable cards entail?
what is the status of my top up?
i am planning activating my card was it possible?
i would like to cancel my previous transaction
do you charge for sending out more cards?
in what increments can i top-up my card?
for some reason i am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
what businesses accept my card?
what are the reasons for a declined transfer?
are new cards available from china?
i think something went wrong, i didn't get the right amount.
why hasn't payment gone through yet?
a percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
i payed with the card and there was an extra fee?
my beneficiary is not allowed?  why?
there is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
are there fees for using an international card to top up?
what was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
why was my transfer request decline?
is currency exchange possible?
the wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
why did using an atm cause me to have an extra fee charged?
hi - i have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. the numbers are correct. can you confirm when that will go through?
why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
it is urgency. please freeze my card now. as someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. as i did not withdraw any money.
why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
are there any fees if i want to add money using an international card?
i have been overcharged. i just changed over russian ruble to uk pounds and it was too much. it seems something was wrong with my exchange.
what do i need to do to get cash back? the atm gave me the wrong amount that i requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  i haven't purchased anything for 1£.  why is it on my statement?
are there any disposable virtual cards?
my new card hasn't came in.
can you tell me why i haven't received my new card yet?
why wouldn't the atm give me my money?
do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? because when i tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. im not sure what to do or what i'm doing wrong, please help.
i can't find my refund. please help.
is there a way to change name?
do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
i don't recognize this payment at all!  help!
i haven't received my cash yet.
do i have an option between visa and mastercard?
i accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. what should i do?
i did not receive my purchase, how do i cancel it?
how do i activate my card
can turn my money into another currency?
where do i activate my card?
i tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. what is going on and who do i contact to help me?
why is the transfer still pending?  can i do something?
top up not completed
i have a new card and i can't add money to it.  i tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  what do i do?
i have been overcharged.
why isn't my deposit showing up?
i need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
the exchange rate applied was incorrect when i was traveling outside the country.
i'm not sure why my payment has been declined? please tell me why, i thought it was all good.
what happened to the transfer i did?
what should i do?  i topped off but the app reversed  it.
what is the maximum number of transactions i can do with a disposable card?
i have a transfer waiting.
let me know when i get charged extra for payments. i saw on the app a fee i wasn't forewarned about.
i am interested in changing my personal details.
i made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. it is still not showing up at all. i have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. i've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
when i went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20.
what do i do if my top-up has not gone through?
i made a transaction, but i made it to an account i didn't mean to make it to.
i think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
i am seeing in the app a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
i looked at my statement and found a payment i and found a mistake.
has my card payment been reverted?
there is unexpected money in my account.
i have an issue. i bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. what's going on here?
my transaction is showing several times.
i was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. can you tell me why?
i think i was double charged
why can't i transfer to another account?
i'd like to know where my funds come from.
how long does a transfer from the us take?
why is  my balance not updated?
i tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. what's going on?
my payment has been declined several times.  can you help me?
i transferred money from one account to another account and i charged a fee for it. why is that?
i would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but i found it this morning.
i got a new address and need to change my old one.
a withdraw i tried to make at the atm was declined i don't know why.
tell me how to replace my expired card.
is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
what happens if my card expires?
can i use your services without access to the app?
how do i dispute a direct debit transaction?
my phone was left behind.  can i still use my card?
is there a fee for sending out more cards?
i have a pending money transfer
would you please check my card. as withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. can you please check the problem?
i made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. how long do you think this will take?
why has my transfer not arrived yet?
i needed to send my friends some money urgently.  i tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
i purchased something abroad, and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
my refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
my card didn't go through.  it doesn't make sense.  you told me that everything was ok.
where is the verification code display?
i must quickly transfer something from china, and i need to know how long it will take.
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
i am having problems with a top-up.
what is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
my new card just arrived, how can i activate it?
why can't i topup my account?
where is my unknown payment from?
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
my card hasn't arrived yet. what do i do?
how can i get a visa and mastercard?
why is there a direct debit fee in the app when i didn't do it?
i need to refund my item, can you please help?
i would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. can you explain how i can do that?
why am i being charged certain fees? i noticed a fee after i withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
i had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. i canceled my card, how do i get my money back?
i have a charge i did not make.
i did not charge my account for that transaction.  that's an error.
can i track the card you sent to me?
why can't i withdraw money?
atm is broken. it did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  i'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. i need assistance now!
why did my top-up not get approved this time?
please inform me how to get a new card as mine is about to expire.
how long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
do cash withdrawals cost anything?
my google top-up pay is not going through
my card is going to expire, what do i do?
the rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
since i need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
the exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
i think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that i didn't authorize! i checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that i have no idea where they came from. we need to freeze my card now! and i need to find a way to get my money back.
i couldnt transfer money from my account.
when will i be able to see my refund?
what is the status of my card's delivery?
my transfer failed, why?
hello - i'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. it's not going through. what am i doing wrong?
how do i activate my card to start using it?
i refuse to verify my identity.
is it possible to order another card?
why did i only receive a partial amount of what i tried to withdraw?
tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
a refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
when is my balance going to update, i just transferred some money
i got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
hi, i am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. as payment is reverted. please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
i couldn't transfer to an account.
i need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. can you tell me how to order a new one?
why was i charged more than i should have been?
why did i get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
why has my money disappeared? i topped up earlier and seen it was there and had went through. what seems to be the problem?
i live in the uk. can i get a card?
hi, would you please activate my card?
somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. i have my card so how can this be? does somebody have a duplicate card or something? help please.
i believe that a card payment i made was cancelled.
can i choose whether i receive a visa or a mastercard card?
why has my transfer been declined?
do you only use visa or do you have mastercard too?
the exchange rate on my payment doesn't look right
i didn't want to make a transaction, i want to revert it
is there a way to order a new card while in china?
i believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
i am still waiting for my card.
i need a transaction reversed from my account.
i got less cash than what i specified for through the atm.
when will i get a new card when i order it, and how much will it cost.
why verify the top-ups?
please give me a mastercard instead.
why am i being charged the wrong currency exchange when i purchased something abroad?
i need to find the card i received in the app.
is it possible to change my pin?
why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
why is the cash withdraw i made shown as pending?
help, your app is showing a larger wd than i actually did earlier at an atm.
can i use a credit card from the us to top up?
i want to cancel my purchase
someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that i don't recognize.
why would my card payment get reverted?
i cant get money out of the atm with my card.  i just put my card in the atm but it will not allow me to take any money out.  what do i need to do to fix this?
why am i being charge a fee when using an atm?
atm refused to give me money
how do i use the app to exchange currencies?
i found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
my card will expire soon, when do i need to order a new one?
some cash withdrawal that i didn't make showed up in the app.
how can i get money in my home currency while i'm traveling internationally? i wanted to take it out of a local atm but am worried that i will get charged extra fees.
does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if i need a new one? my card is about to expire.
what do i do if my phone was stolen?
i wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item i purchased.
top up is not working even though i have my amex in apple pay.
why is a transaction still pending?
help me verify the card used on a top-up.
when did i get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
there's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item i bought.
the top-up card is verified how?
while transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
what is this extra fee?
i want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
how long does it take to recieve my new card?
is there a cash withdrawal fee? because i just got charged?
i tried to take out some money from an atm earlier today and it was declined. looking on my screen now, i still see that it's pending for that amount. i didn't actually get that money, so i don't want it processed on my account.
how can i activate my new card?
please tell me, do you use visa or mastercard?
my card would not work at a shop.
how do i verify my new card?
if i am in china, can i still order a new card and if so, how?
are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that i need to be aware of?
what do i do if my smart phone was stolen?
what are the disposable virtual card limits?
could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
how do i report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
i need assistance with activating my new card.
my phone is missing.
my money's disappeared from my account! i topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. help?
why is there an extra charge of 1 dollar on my statement?
my accounts been charged a payment for something i didn't make.
i am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. i contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. is there a status update?
how can i replace an expired card?
why did a transaction i made charge me $1?
the balance has not been updated.
why does my transaction have an added fee?
can i change my pin at my local bank?
why do i need top-up to be verified?
hello, i'm a brand new customer and tried topping up for the first time today. it has been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. please resolve this.
is there something wrong with my atm card?  tried using it earlier and it did not work.
do you accept all cards and currencies?
how do i know if i will get my card, or if it is lost?
why are the things i bought earlier today still showing as pending?
i know i'm getting a new card but would like know when i can expect to receive it.
my cash withdrawal was declined, why?
i transfered my balance a while back.  why doesn't my account reflect this?
my google pay top up isn't working. help.
there is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.never seen that name before.
please assist me with activation.
i could not get a top-up to work, why?
how come i was charged a transaction of $1?
my top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
would you give me a mastercard and visa?
i tried topping up for the first time today since i am a new customer. it doesn't appear that it's working. it has been pending for at least half an hour. please take care of this.
estimated time arrival for transfers?
in the app, i see a withdrawal i didn't make.
the app reverted my recent payment
there is a strange card payment i don't recognise.
how long does it take for the transfer to go through?
the atm didn't give me all my cash
it seems like a transfer is pending.
i've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. what's going on here? is there a problem with your system?
how do i know where i can use my card?
my address needs to be changed.
i transferred money but the balance did not update.
i would like to change my personal details.
there is a payment on my card that i do not recognize.  i've never seen the name on the transaction before.
why do we need to verify a top-up card?
why did i get charged for withdrawing cash?
my transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
i have a problem with a transfer. it didn't work. can you tell me why?
why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
my card doesn't work. i can't get cash out at an atm
how can i pay for top-ups?
if i get another card, what kind of fees am i looking at?
why do i have to pay extra for using my card?
can i get a disposable card?  how many can i have?  how often can i use them?
my app shows a payment i didn't make
what  is the verification process for a top up card?
was there a problem with topping up?
i transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
i was recently mugged and would like to know if i have to have access to the app to use your services and how i would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
can i exchange from usd to gbp?
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
the money that i have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
fees for currency exchange
the app is showing a direct debit payment that i never made
i lost my phone. what do i need to do?
can it add money every so often automatically while i travel?
why did the app deny my top-up?
seems like my top up has been cancelled
what's the limit on total number of cards i can have?
i need help making this transfer. i keep getting an error. i'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. can you help?
i returned an item but don't see it on my account?
what services can i use to top up?
i don't think the transaction has gone through, so can i cancel a transfer?
there was a transaction this morning that i'd like to reverse.
why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
my top up card needs verification and i don't know how to do it
could you refund my transaction, i paid it into the wrong account. i need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
i paid with a card and there is an extra charge. why?
how many transactions can i do with my disposable card?
i have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
what happened to my cash deposit?
is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
what is the expected delivery date for my card?
please tell me the types of currency i can hold.
i want to revert this mornings transaction.
how long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  i sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  it still is a pending transfer, even though i sent it a few hours ago.
i made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
does google pay offer a top up option?
hi, i tried topping up for the first time today (i'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. can you fix it?
why was i charged extra using my card?
it shows that the transfer on my account wasn't allowed.
how long will my top-up stay pending?
i got my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working correctly?
explain why my top up has been reverted please.
what does the decline message mean
why is there some cash that i did not deposit in my account?
i need info on activating my card?
why didn't i get the amount i requested at the atm?
can i have more than one card?
can i possibly change my currency to another?
the amount of cash i requested to withdrawal did not match what i received when exchanged
can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? i thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
why do i have a strange payment on my statement?
went somewhere else, need to change details
my bank card has expired, how can i get a new physical card?
if i want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would i be allowed to get one for her?
the balance does not appear to have updated.
the app reverted the payment i made.
i placed a cash deposit in my account but i can't see it yet.
i have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  how can my account be still pending?
why isn't my balance updating?  i did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
how long do eu transfers actually take? i bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
why is there a pending time on my transfer?
if i exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
my card payments have stopped.
i have found my lost or stolen card, would i still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
is there a fee to get an actual card?
what is taking so long with my refund?
why isn't my payment showing?
how can i find out why my transfer didn't go through?
when will my new card arrive?
i would like a second card.
hi, i had an issue with my card payment and it shows on my account that my payment went through. then i got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so i would like to see why it did that please.
i had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash i got abroad.
isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
if i don't live in the uk, can i get a card?
could google pay and top up be together?
i could not transfer funds to a beneficiary; is there a problem with your software?
am i able to get a refund for something i bought?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
hello! i randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! are there extra fees for card payments? or am i missing something here?
i am not sure how this will work, but i have not received a product i ordered.  i want a refund, but should i just cancel the payment?
there is a payment showing on my app that i didn't do. will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
can i get a card if i live in the us?
what can i expect at card expiration?
there is not a refund in my statement.
how can i add money from my amex card
i made a payment but it was returned.
i just did a transfer, but don't see the money in my account. what's up?
cancelling a transaction
transfers from the us how long will the wait be?
my preference is mastercard.
why did my transfer fail?  what can i do?
i have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. i have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
which countries are supported
the check i deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  isn't that pretty slow?  i need to see the balance increased by that check.
there is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did it charge me extra?
what's taking so long for this payment to go through?
hi need your help for getting the refund or cancel the payment of an item, i have ordered but still have not received it.
why was i charged $1 in a transaction?
i'm cancelling this charge. i still have not received what i bought from these people a while ago.
hi something is going on with the app.  i see some payments i didn't make?
how can i set up google pay on my device?
what cards do you offer?
tell me how to get a refund for something i bought.
what cards and currencies can i use?
i found a direct debit i would like to dispute
i think i was charged double for something i bought - how long should i wait before reporting this?
what can i do to verify my card?
how to track the card you sent
help me!  when i was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
hi, it's urgent, please freeze my card. as someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. since i have not done this withdrawal. do it fast.
i can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. can you tell me why? i have enough funds in my account to transfer.
hello i changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. pls it's urgent
i did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
i'm not able to activate my card how do i fix this problem?
where is the money i put in the bank?
there is a €1 extra fee in my statement
there is a vendor name i don't recognize on a payment from my account. i don't think i made this payment.
i bought something with my card and i was charged a fee
hi, yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. today i am facing the same issue. please help me in this respect.
my card payment is being declined and i've tried several times.
i have a transaction showing up multiple times.
why couldn't i use my card at a store?
i need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. my account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. then i received a message from the seller, it said that they did not get my payment.
what kind of charges should i expect to exchange currencies?
is it possible to have a second card?
the atm didn'y give me all the cash
i don't think my top up worked
what should i do if i lost my phone?
i made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago, but my landlord hasn't received it yet. it shows as done on my  side, and i've double check all account numbers and they are correct. can you verify that the transaction was actually made?
what is this $1 charge on my account?
pending still shows on this transfer, why?
why do i have a transaction showing multiple times?
how did you arrive at the rate of exchange? i thought that i would get more cash.
how long will my atm withdrawal be pending?
i would like to cancel a purchase.
which cards and currencies are supported?
my transfer says pending. what does that mean?
my app says i withdraw money from my account from an atm.
i would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
how do i dispute a direct debit on my account?
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
i have a new card and need to activate it
what is the cost for currency exchanges?
i noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
how can i get my card out of the stupid atm that ate it?
i am missing my refund.
are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
my card payment has failed.
i deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
what is the status of my refund
hello. i tried doing a topup and i thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. can you explain?
i am having an issue with an in country transfer i did a few days ago. it has yet to appear in my account. i have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. what is taking the transfer so long?
the day before yesterday i transferred funds to another account within the country.  the funds have not yet arrived.  i double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
how do i replace a card that's going to expire?
i was charged for getting cash.
hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. i am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
why hasn't my card arrived yet?
when will my top-up be completed?
how do i know which countries you provide service in?
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
how long does it take for a top up to be approved?
my refund isn't going fast enough.
how long should i wait for top up go go through ?
what's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
i was charged for the same thing twice
i deposited a cheque and its been days and i still haven't received the cash!!
is my card lost? i am still waiting for it to be delivered.
how many times can i auto top-up?
what is the reason my payment was not accepted?
can i have another card in addition to my first one?
i made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  what is this?
how long does my top up pending last?
my address is incorrect on my file.
there's a cash withdrawal i didn't make
a receiver let me know that they didn't receive the full transfer i completed and that it was actually a bit less than what i sent. at this point i have to make another transfer to make up for the amount missing. can you please follow up with what's going  on here?
how do i verify the top-up?
can i get money back in my home currency at  atm? as i am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
how do i use my card if i lost my phone?
i paid with my card and i was charged a fee
i think a payment i made with a card was cancelled.
what is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
the machine only paid me a hundred when i wanted 20
what happens if i use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
what steps do i do to transfer money using my credit card?
can i revive a physical card.
i need to verify a payment to my new landlord. i transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. while it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. can you verify that it has processed?
i wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but i don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  is it being held up for some reason?  i should have seen a new balance by now!
i just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
my top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
give me a refund now!! i am still waiting.
why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
my card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
can i still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
my card has been declined by two separate atm, and i'm worried something is wrong with my account. would you please see if my account is okay?
there is a direct debit payment that i did not make.
set a new pin please.
a payment i didn't do shows in my app
i tried to get money out of the notting hill atm earlier, but wasn't able to. is my card working okay? it's the first time i tried using it.
hello i have a uk account.  can you please check if everything is alright with it?  i made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
i have a disposable card but it does not work?
where do you mail physical cards?
how can i change my pin even though i'm out of the country in austria at the moment?
my transfer to my account is missing.
the app reversed a top off i had.  what should i do?
i hope to get a visa card
why do you have the identity check
hey, i tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? will i be charged for this?
how do i go about linking a new card?
if i want to topup by card, how do i do it?
what are the reasons i have to proof my identity to you?
hi, can you tell me why my transfer keeps being rejected? i've been trying to send money to my friends this morning but failed every time and i have no idea why?
is there a limit to a disposable virtual card?
hello. i bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  however, upon checking my online statements, it seems that i haven't been issued a refund yet.  how can this be remedied?
where is the money that i transferred.
how would i be able to make changes to my personal details?
i need to change my address in the personal details.
i just took some cash out of a cash machine in heathrow airport because i wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
how do i change my name?
what is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from china?
what currencies can i not hold many in, if so what are they?
am i able to stop a transfer?
my transfer failed, why did that happen?
i need to change my contact information.
are there certain cards and currencies you support?
why did the atm eat my card?
my card's expiring a month from now, should i place an order for the new card?
my transfer has been declined.
which credit card top-ups do you accept?
apple pay is not accepting my american express card, can you assist me with this problem?
i'd lke my card reactivated, i was thinking it was misplaced but i discovered when i woke up that i had left it in my coat.
there is a debit i dont recognize
the exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
tell me where i can find the auto top up feature and a little bit about it please.
my card is almost expired.  how fast will i get a new one and what is the cost?
how can i access my account when i have lost my phone?
it's declining my transfers. normally this works, but my card is being declined now and i've tried more than once.
has my card been lost in delivery?
can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item i bought is wrong?
my payment was stopped
tell me what atms allow me to change my pin.
my transfer isn't there
there is a payment made with my card that i don't recognize at all.
what's the tracking on the card you sent?
my cash received does not match what has been requested
i was checking my statement and i think one of my card payments has reverted
i deposited cash but it isn't showing up in my account
i tried using my atm card at your notting hill location today.  it did not work.  am i doing something wrong?
can you share card tracking number?
can i use my account before my identity verification has passed?
which cash machines will allow me to change my pin?
i made a mistake on the last transfer i made, who must i speak with to cancel?
please cancel the transfer i just made.  i put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
seems like my top-up has not gone through
why was i charged a fee when i withdrew money?
i no longer want to transfer funds, can we cancel that transaction?
i tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
i have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
how much for a physical card?
the atm charged me an extra fee, why?
i was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. how long will it be until i receive it?
how do i get a disposable virtual card?
can i set automatic top ups?
is there a way to link the card i just got?
this morning i wanted to make a withdrawal before work, but my card was declined! please double check it for me as this is the first time it was declined.
how do i get the card linked
i want to change the wrong exchange rate.
how long do european transfers take?
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
i noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
there is a payment that has not processed.
can i order a new card to china?
i didn't receive the amount of cash i requested for the atm.
what currencies do you accept to add money?
what exactly is the exchange fee?
what should i do if my card payment was cancelled?
i'm having issues with my card. you guys keep declining it for some reason. i haven't had any issues up until this point. what is going on? i've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
how can i update my details since i moved?
do i get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
please, i need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase i made. i requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
my card payment has not been withdrawn from my account
the wrong exchange rate applied to my cash withdrawal.
i want to return an item for a refund can i do that?
i used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, why is it taking so long?
i completed a transfer within the uk two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  i have verified the account number is correct already.  is there anything else i need to do or is there a problem?
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
how do i know when my new card is going to arrive?
how can i go about getting a refund?
will my new card work outside of the eu?
the refund i asked for isn't showing up
when i withdrew money from my account the other day, i noticed that there was a fee.  i didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  how much will i be charged?
just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. can this be reversed and my card be frozen? i can't have this continue!
i think the exchange rate is wrong for my atm withdrawal
top up google pay, is it possible?
how do i activate my card that just arrived?
i have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. why is this?
how can i get my google pay top up to work?
i need assistance activating my card?
i have been waiting for my card payment to be moved from pending status for an unusually long time.  what is going on here and do you have an idea of when i can expect it to go through?
how can i get a card sent to china?
i received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  why is this happening?
how do i cancel a transaction?
i did not get enough cash
my card payment reverted back, i think.
if i was travelling abroad, would i be able to hold currencies in euros?
can i get a refund?
how do i activate my new card i just got?
i want a mastercard, instead.
what if i want to add a card i already have to the app?
i took out money and there is a fee.  why?
how can i make my card ready to use?
i noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
how do i receive a refund for my item?
is there a fee that comes with transfers?
i have not received an item i ordered yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund. can you please guide me on how to go about it?
for what reason did my top-up fail?
when will a refund post to my account?
what is the $1 transaction on my account?
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
what's your refund policy if i bought an item from you?
why was the payment on my card declined?
how come my cash withdrawal came with an unnecessary fee?!
can i track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
what fiat currencies are supported?
how many currencies can i have?
is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
i wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. this has been going on for a couple of weeks. please tell me what is going on here?
my money has disappeared. i had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. now it's gone. what is happening?
i requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
can you activate my card pls
how do i find the top-up verification code?
could i raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? i am aware its delayed now. please help me out.
my refund has not shown up in my account.   where is it?
i found my card! can i link it back into the app?
i thought i lost my card but i found it today, so i would like to reactivate it.
i do i top up from my apple watch?
when will i receive a transfer from europe?
is there an extra fee to exchange currencies?
why was the exchange rate so wrong when i bought something!
explain the payment that was declined!
recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that i don't recognize. i am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
how do i order a card?
how to verify top up card?
i just lost my wallet and i think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
how long does it take to activate my card?
how do you exchange currencies
payment i did not make.
i sent payment with eu transfer and they still haven't received it. how long does it take?
am i able to modify my account details?
hello,  i am a college student who i recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. i paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. what could be the reason for this?  is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
how long does it take for a transfer to post
can you tell me exactly what fees i will expect to see in regards to your cards?
i checked my statement and am being charged one pound. where did this charge come from?
please check my card. as withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. can you please check the problem?
i need urgent help. i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number. i made a typo. please cancel the transfer immediately. i cannot do anything from the app.
change of location, need to change details
i wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
i must make a transfer from china and it is urgent. how long before the transfer is complete?
i think youre system may be broken because i have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  i'm not doing anything complicated it is what i usually do.
why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
my new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying i've not paid my rent when i have paid my rent.  what is going on?  they say the money hasn't got to them but i see it going out of my account.  can you check that the money went to the right place?
can you please help me in canceling my order.
i deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! please help me with this
is it possible to cancel my transfer?
why did i only get $20 when i asked for $100?
do i need to verify my top-up?
do you offer services that hold money in different types of currency?
why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
i have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. what appears to be the problem? is your system messed up?
the past few times i've been to the atm, i was charged a withdrawal fee. have your policies changed regarding fees?
hi, i checked my transactions and saw that i was charged twice during a restaurant visit. i would like to get my money back.
can you show me where to link the new card?
just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  what is going on.  i have done this before with no issues.
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
will i get extra charges?
how do i reverse a transaction on my account?
i need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined i need help!
are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
my phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
asked for $100 but only got $20. why would this happen?
i needed cash from the atm but i couldn't get it.
i transferred some funds but i don't see it
i've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. now i am receiving an error message.  what is the problem?
why does the atm continually decline my card? i've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. i thought i had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when i try to buy something online? when i put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
i would like to activate my card what do i need to do?
can i have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
how long does transfer from the us take?
i can't do the verification.
why have i all of a sudden been charged for my atm withdrawal? i thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time i've ever had this problem.
i am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
how do i change to a different currency?
can i change my pin at atms?  if so, what ones?
atm apparently not working?  couldn't access funds in my account?
are there restrictions on disposable virtual cards?
i could not get the atm to work
i added money but my top-up wasn't processed by the app.
i made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
why is my beneficiary being denies?
let me know when you charge for payments. i just checked the app and saw a fee that i wasn't warned about.
i don't have my card in 1 week.  should i be worried?
is my transfer pending?
i thought transfers were free of charge.  i bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. how do i get this problem fixed.
i'm not able to withdraw money from the atm but i'm not sure why.
after my card expires what should i do?
do you support top ups?
how can we correct a mistake on an atm transaction?  the app shows what i should have gotten.
hi, i tried to withdraw some money from an atm and the machine was broken.  it says that the transaction is still in progress.  can you double check to see what's happening? i don't want to be charged since i was not able to withdraw the money.
i just got my new card, how do i activate it?
according to the app, i got cash from an atm but i haven't made any transactions.
why isn't top-up working? my top-up money disappeared after i saw that it was successfully transferred. is it gone? where did it go?
please explain why my payment was declined? i thought everything was good.
my card payment has been stuck on pending. what is the problem? it should have gone through by now.
is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
seems like my top-up has failed
i made a transaction this morning but i need to revert it now.
hi, is everything in good standing with my card? i am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
i need assistance to activate the card on my account.
i can not find my refund.
how do i link the new card that i just got from you guys?
i attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. i received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. could you please help me?
i can't withdraw any money from my account. ive tried a couple different atm machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. what's going on? is my account frozen or something?
i paid with card and i was charged a fee
why was my top-up declined?
i wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
why do i still have a pending cash withdrawal?
my card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
how long does it take for money to transfer?  i sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
i tried to do a transfer to an account but it didn't work
a 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but i didn't make it. i am pretty sure my card has been compromised - can you help me?
a transfer to my account shows as still pending and i wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
what is going on? my balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since i deposited my money!
why was an extra charge added when i used my card?
i notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that i don't recognize. is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something i did?
what is the purpose of requiring my identification?
can i top up using my apple watch?
why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit i made?
how do i go about topping up with google pay?
why does my transfer say it is pending?
how do i change my aud into gbp?
some cash was withdrawn in the app, but i did not do it.
tell me what atms use this card.
i keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep declining it. why? i've tried multiple times to make it go through but it won't.
i tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. can you tell me why?
i need to reset my passcode. where do i go to do that?
i couldn't get money from the atm
the app is saying i made a withdrawl but i didn't.
an atm machine didn't give me back my card.
i've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. the transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
the transfer on my account is not showing up.
will there be any extra fees if i exchange currencies?
can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
tell me the currencies that you support.
this transfer incurred a fee that i don't think is right.
i believe my top up was reverted.
where is the tracking number for the card?
why has my card been declined?
i sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it yet
what is taking so long on my transfer from the us?
please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
i'm going to cancel a purchase.
explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
i don't think i was supposed to be charged so much.
my atm withdraw is stillpending
can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
my product hasn't arrived even though i ordered it a while ago. i want a refund!
the atm shows a withdraw of the amount of money i requested but i didn't revieve that amount in cash.
good day, in reviewing my credit card activity over the last several days, i see a repeated charge for a restaurant that i went to. the charge was put through twice, so i would like one of the charges corrected and the amount that was withdrawn to be reinstated please.
i need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments i didn't make that are showing on the app.  could you please help?
i don't understand why i was charged extra for withdrawing money?
can i return an item?
i attempted to withdraw some money from an atm this morning and received the wrong amount. your app says i have enough money available in the account. can someone tell me what's wrong?
i just realised i made the wrong payment yesterday. can you please change it to the right account? it's my rent payment and really really needs to be in the right account by tomorrow
i'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
what is this fee for transfering
hey there, i just went through my most recent credit card payments and i notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. there was only one meal at this place, so i would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
how do i activate auto top-up when traveling?
my transaction history is looking a little off. i have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
my statement is showing an extra £1 charge and i am unsure why. is there an explanation for this?
why has transferring money resulted in a charge?
what currencies are accepted to add money?
someone stole my account, there's a withdrawal but it wasn't me, can we put a stop to it please?
how do i get my money back for something i bought?
why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? i have been waiting a week!
is my country's currency supported by your system?
who should i contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that i tried to take out of my account?
can i add a card to back into the app?
what are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
how much time do transfers take? i sent money to a friend who needs it fast. it's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
how do you top-up using cash?
i believe my card has been compromised as there are funds showing that i did not receive.
why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
i transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
i need to cancel a purchase that i made the other day.
what is the time frame for european transfers?
what documents do i need for the identity check?
how long will my top-up be pending?
what happens if i deposit a cheque accidentally?
where can i use a disposable card?
why was i charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
how can i top up my account and which currency can i use?
is there a charge for sending out more cards?
why am i being charged for getting cash?
is there a function where i can top-up automatically?
the money i transferred didnt arrive
what fiat currencies do you support?
i noticed an extra charge on the purchase that i made last saturday on my account. can you see if i received the correct exchange rate?
how do i see what fees i am supposed to be charged on my account? i've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. this is very confusing and i cannot find a pattern to what i am being charged?
the card i thought i lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, so can i reactivate that?
what is the average pending time for a transaction?
someone else made a direct debit transaction on my account
are there any limits if i use these virtual cards?
how can i change my address?
i was charged several times for something
can i change my pin at an atm?
i think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. help!
why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
can i get a new card even though i am in china?
why is there a pending hold on one pound on my statement?
i moved, can i edit my personal details?
my transfer was declined. why did this happen?
my credit card was declined for top-up. can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
why would my card payment be reverted?
apparently, i went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. this is really embarrassing, what happen?
do you support other currencies?
there is a cash withdrawal on my statement that i did not make
i just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
i sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  they really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
is there any reason why my card didn't work when i tried to top up?
withdrawal pending meaning?
can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
how can i change to another currency?
how do i link a new card to an existing one?
can i get a card? i live in the us.
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. i requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
my statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and i would like to know why.
i would like to receive instructions showing the verification process for top up cards..
what if my top up didn't work?
i just moved. how do i give you my new address?
do i need to verify my top up?
there is a payment in the app i did not make
i want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
the app isn't showing my transactions
i just looked at my app and it seems i was charged extra, why is that?
i was spending cash with my card and got a fee.
i need to cancel a transaction please!
what are you going to use my identification details for?
i have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
can you help me? i have a duplicate transaction on my account and i don't understand why.
i made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
i think my transfer failed. what do i do now?
my cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
why are my transfers not going through.  i have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  this is just a simple transfer.  is something else causing this in the system?  is it broken?
i need to know when a payment will actually go through. i completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
can my account have different types of currency in it.
my wallet was just stolen and i see my account already has a withdrawal. can you please help me.
i just topped up, and the app denied it.
i am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
why is my cash withdrawal pending?
how long does a us transfer take
my latest transfer seems to be missing.
will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
why do we need to verify top-ups?
i received less cash than the amount i specified in the atm.
do you give refunds?
why won't my top up go through?
could you inform me as to why i have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
what does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
my card payment still pending
i already got my item but just got my money back
i make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently i was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? i would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
after transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
do you have an option for auto top up?
why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
i can't use the app.  my phone is lost at the hotel.
if my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
looks like my top up failed.
you can do that in just a few seconds. go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
why am i being charged to transfer funds?
i found my lost card. am i still able to use it?
i no longer have my phone, what should i do?
i exchange currencies a lot.  can i get a discount?
why was i charged a small amount
my top up didn't go through
are your cards supported in the eu?
is my card working? it's the first time i tried using it i tried to get money out of an atm, but got nothing.
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
i can't find the card pin.
i recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
i think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
my product was faulty.
why didn't i receive all the cash i requested?
i'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. i keep getting an error. i'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
i would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
my card rejected a cash withdrawal. why?
my card hasn't came in the mail yet?
i bought something and now i want a refund.
i just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. it was from a few months ago, can i still dispute the payment?
i was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
i have lost my phone, what steps can i take to prevent someone using my account?
how come my card payment has been declined?
how long will it take for the money to reach my account?
which currencies can i use to add money?
when i got cash i believe that the exchange rate was wrong
why can't i see my funds after i topped up?
can i get a card if i don't reside in the uk?
how can my friend pay me?
how many disposable cards am i allowed to have?
hi, i'm trying to purchase a flat and i'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat i'm trying to buy. for some reason i keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? what is going on?
what is the fee on my statement for?
is there a limit on top ups
i bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
i have tried using my card for the first time at the atm of notting hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. does this mean my card isn't working?
tell me why there is an extra charge when i used an atm?
i deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
why has my beneficiary been denied?
why is there an additional fee showing on the statement i received?
my new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
do you know why my card payment has been declined?
how long does it take to verify a cash withdraw?
why has my money been returned back to my card.
i can't recognise this direct debit payment.
will i get visa or mastercard?
i withdrew cash and i think the exchange rate is wrong.
what are the cards and currencies that you support?
the amount of cash i received was not the full amount
what do i do if my card is about to expire?
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
problem with my top up going through
my card has been found. is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
i transfered and yet it is still pending
i just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
how can i exchange usd and gbp in the app?
why was my payment declined? i keep trying my card but it's not working.
i need to update my address.
i'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
hello, i believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
how can i check on the delivery status of my card?
please explain the fee on a transfer i made.
where do i find the auto top- up?
my card expires soon
i got a strange fee when i used the atm.
will you accept my credit card?
why was i charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
what currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
how can i get funds into my account from my american express?
i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. i can't use the app, so i need some help.
help! my card isn't working at the atm and i know i used the right pin. trying to get my money.
my bag was stolen from me yesterday, so i can't use any apps or anything. i need some help.
why is my identification required?
i attempted to get cash in the atm but i was denied
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
i tried to do a transfer but i got a message that it was declined.
what's the time frame on eu transfers? i purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
why has my card been charged an extra pound?
do i need to verify my identity before i can use my card?
hey i am standing in front of an atm here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though i wanted to withdraw 30! seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do i do??
i would like to reactivate my card that i previously reported lost. i located the card this morning.
why are all my identity details required
my payment has been returned.
i sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. can you please tell me the situation of my account?
what is this charge on my card?
i made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  i accidently sent money to the wrong account.  i noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  can someone help me with this immediately?
my card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. i was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
which countries are you in?
i deposited cash into my account and i'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
how much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
why do we need to verify top-up?
i left my phone at the hotel i was staying at so i can't use the app!
i believe my top up did not work.
when i withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
why was i charged when taking out money?
how many times can i use my disposable card?
i'm not sure what is going on here. i've received payment back into my account  for an item i've already received, from about 2 weeks ago.
tell me how i can order my card.
unable to use my american express with apple pay to top up my account
my card payment was reverted
why can't my beneficiary access my account?
why did my top-up not work?
there are a couple payments with my card displayed in the app which i didn't make. what is happening? maybe someone has access to my card.
cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
i would like an extra card.
my statement has not shown my refund.
i put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
after i got married i need to change my name
will be apple watch be able to let me top up?
i purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
i found my card that i thought i had lost, i need to reactive it, please help.
i don't see my refund money yet in my account. i asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so i don't know what's taking so long.  can you look into it and see if the money is there, just not in my account yet?
how long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
my cheque is taking a while
my cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
my payment was declined
my exchange rate is wrong when i get cash.
why was i charged extra when transferring?
why can't i use my beneficiary?
i've been charged an extra £1 and i don't know why
needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.please fix it!
what currencies can i hold?
hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? i am expecting a transfer i made from france two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
when will my top-up go through?
how do i see my updated balance after i make a cheque or cash deposit?
is there an automatic top up feature?
when i received my money, it was not in the correct amount. the exchange rate was not what it should have been.
how to get a new card in china
can i change my pin at a cash machine?
do the disposable cards have restrictions?
my payment was cancelled
how do i activate and link my new card?
how come my transfer declined
can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
can i use the app without my phone?
i cannot make a transfer to another account.
the expiration of my card is near, how do i order a new card?
i need more than one disposable card
top up keeps failing
okay, i found my card, can i put it back in the app?
what does the €1 fee mean?
will you tell me how to exchange usd for gbp in the app?
where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
there's a direct debit payment that i don't recognize.
i was charged a fee for a transfer.
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
do i get charged for withdrawals?
is there a way to verify a card top-up?
which card would i get, visa or mastercard?
top-up is not working
will the transfer show up in my account soon?
i need to get hold of a physical card?
is it possible to cancel transactions?
does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
so my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
i need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. it's stays pending and won't go away.
is there something wrong with the atm? it would not let me pull cash out of my account.
do you deliver the pin separately?
im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. is there any way to make it go through faster? do i not have enough?
please provide currency exchange rates
i requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
what types of cards and money do you accept?
i didn't receive the correct exchange rate when i got cash.
the card payment i made didn't work.
how do i go about ordering another card?
does it cost anyting to get my own card?
i tired to get cash in the atm but it was cancelled
where can i find information about where my money came from?
why did you decline my transfer?
i wasn't able to withdraw money at an atm
a cash withdrawal that i didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
hey i double checked that i have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. transfer is still pending since forever. it's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
this is not right, i was told i could take out cash at the atm for free?
why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
my atm card isn't working for a withdrawl
someone has copied my card. i have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. please help now.
do i get  a mastercard and visa?
can you help me get top up to work in the apple pay function?
why is there an extra fee on my statement?
where in the app do i go to make my new card show up?
i am unable to use my top-up on the app. could you explain this to me?
i want this fee reversed from my account.
why was i charged an extra fee when using an atm?
why do i get a fee every time i transfer?
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
i need you to stop the transfer i just started as soon as possible, i just realized it's not correct!
why wont my american express work to add money
why haven't i received my new card yet?
how long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? there's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
where can i find the verification code for the card top-up?
the cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
i tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. now, it doesn't seem to be working. can you tell me what the deal is here please?
can i have my money refunded for an item
help!  the app says i took out cash but i didn't!
why do you keep declining my payment?i tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
can i top off with a debit card?
why can't i see a transfer to my account?
i've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
my transfer to an account failed.
how long does a transfer from the united kingdom take? i haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure i get the transfer.
i do not need gbp, i need aud, how do i convert it?
i did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
i ordered my card but it hasn't been delivered yet
i have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, i've checked that several times already.
people are using my debit card - help!
please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
what is this fee for card payment?
the refund on my account hasn't shown up
i've made a horrible mistake!  i transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  i entered one of the digits wrong.  i need this cancelled immediately please.
i am still waiting for a transfer i did
you provide support in what countries?
verifying top-up cards necessary?
hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  my app was charged $1 more than it should have.  could you please explain why this may have happened?
i want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can i use to do so?
it seems i've suddenly been charged for my recent atm cash withdrawal. what's up with that? i though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
how do i link the new card?
if someone in a different country sends me money, do i have to pay a fee?
something is wrong with the top up! i'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
how much is it to send out additional cards?
what happened to my top-up? it's not reflected.
my card didn't work at the atm in notting hill.  is my card working?
how can i verify my identity?
what is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
my transfer is stuck pending? how do we fix it to it goes through?
can i use my card while on vacation overseas?
i bought an item and now i want a refund.
how long will it be  before the person i sent money to is able to see it?
let me know when you charge extra for payments please. i just checked the app earlier when i saw that there was an additional fee on one of the payments that i wasn't warned about before.
how can i check on the status of my new card?
is there a cost to receive money?
this verifying the top up is annoying
i need to update my demographics.
what do i do to link my new card?
can i change my pin number at a cash machine?
who do i talk to, to cancel a transfer?
i requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  i don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
why is my cash deposit not in my account?
why is there a fee associated with card use?
i have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
what's the time frame normally for a uk account transfer? i just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. i want to be sure that everything is good.
can i get spare cards?
i can't see my refund in my history.
i have a pending payment on my card.  why?
why is the fee for taking money out so high?  i feel i was overcharged and i would have never used this atm if i would have known ahead of time.
can my salary be received here?
how long do you expect me to wait for the transfer? it finally worked out, but has been pending for a long time and it's quite urgent.
i bought something and want the money refunded can i get some help with that?
my phone has been stolen.  how can i make sure no one uses my account from it?
why was my top-up rejected?
there is a direct debit payment i don't recognize.
where can i update my pin number?
please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
my account isn't showing a transfer i made.
my top up is giving me problems. what is wrong with it?
if my salary is in gbp, do i need to do something?
in reviewing my statement, i show i have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which i have not made in duplicate? how do i get this solved?
why have i got a pending transfer? i'm confused!!
help, i see money missing i didn't take out.
what do i need to do in order to get a new card?
can i have a visa card?
i would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
how long will my transfer be pending?
i won't be pleased unless i get a mastercard.
i have lost my phone.
why can i not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
how can i add a new card?
what should i do if someone stole my phone?
i saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, i did not complete it.
what is the process for activating a new card.
am i limited to what atm i can use my card?
can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
have have a small charge on my account from someone i purchased with but i'm not sure what it relates to.
why is my cash request and the amount i received different?
hello, i tried to take out some money out of the atm, but it's still showing that it's pending? i really don't want to be charged for this.
why did the transfer fail when i attempted to do it earlier?
i urgently need to transfer something from china. how long can i expect it to take?
my card payment has been cancelled
should my top up still be pending?
i would like to get a few more physical cards.
whats the maximum number of disposable cards that i can get?
can i set the account to auto top-up?
the transfer keeps rejected, i tried to transfer some money to friends but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, would you please check the issue?
why was the exchange wrong for the item i purchased?
why did i have to pay extra because i paid with my card?
my card got charged twice for the same thing!
what is the charge for exchanging currency?
my transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
where are your cards delivered to?
i wish to top up using a cheque.
when i tried to access my cash, i wasn't allowed!
top up cancellation
my transfer didn't work! help!
if i found an error in my account for a transaction i didn't make, how long to i have to dispute it?
i noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
i got a new card, how do i link it?
i'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
how can i exchange currencies in the app?
i have an unusual payment in my statement
i have a new email.
there is random cash in my account.
why do i need to verify a top-up?
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
i don't understand why i was charged an additional fee for this service. can you clarify?
i was not distributed the correct amount of cash that i asked for
hi, i sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
i see i was charged $1 for a transaction.
i am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
a transaction is showing more than once.
can i get a card if i live in the usa?
i sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer i made.
my top-up didn't work.
i want a physical card
can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
i used my card the other day to get cash from an atm and was charged an extra fee. i don't understand why i am being charged a fee all of a sudden. i thought it was free to withdraw from an atm?
please check the exchange rate for my payment last saturday. i believe i have been overcharged.
why were there additional charges when i transferred funds?
i need to urgently transfer something from china. how long will it approximately take?
when i tried to transfer funds to my friend today i was unable to do so, why?
a mortgage payment i'm making is giving me an error message.  this is the first time i'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
i think that there is a payment on my card that i did not authorize.  i don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
is identity verification required for me to use my account?
i see a direct debit that isn't mine? how can i get my money back?
are you able to make exchanges to eur?
why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
how long is the transfer?
how can get a visa card?
how do i exchange usd to gbp?
what card or currency can i use to pay?
my transfer didn't work how come?
are there any express fees if i want my new card faster?
my account was charged a fee. when did you start charging extra for card payments?
i have a payment that is still pending
i need a transfer cancelled.
can you explain the transfer fee that i was charged?
please help me get a refund?
my cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
why hasn't my return cleared my account?
what do i do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
changed details is essential, what steps do i take to do so?
i would like to track the card you sent to me.
when will my top up be approved?
can i withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
i have a direct debit that i did not set up
why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
i just sent money but the person i sent it to doesn't see it. what happened?
can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
my wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card! please help, i can't afford to lose more money!
why was i charged a fee? i thought shopping was free?
how long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? there's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
i don't think that my top-up worked.
is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
why can't i add any beneficiary i choose?
after looking at the app i noticed a couple of payments i know i did not make. is it possible someone has accessed my card? what is actually going on?
may monthly payment to apple has been declined but i don't know why, they are going to re-try the payment and it must go through, can you tell me what is going on please?
which currencies are allowed?
why was i charged twice for the same thing?
what about a auto top-up?
why couldn't i make a withdrawal from the atm?
my card expires very soon.  what is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
i have not received my card and it's been a week, what do i do?
can i make transactions before identity verification?
is there a location where i can change my pin?
hello, i was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. it most certainly came out of my account so i need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
is it possible to get a refund for something i purchased?
why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
my card was charged more than expected.
is there a fee for sending additional cards?
is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
when i got cash i was charged an extra fee!  explain!
where can i get a physical card?
why is there an extra fee charged?
how much do i have to pay if i want to transfer money?
are there charges for cash withdrawals?
i received a decline message on a transfer
on my app i can see that a direct debit payment that i didn't do, appears.
is there something wrong with my top up i did an hour ago? it's still pending. i need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
please verify my top-up card
when will i see my cash, since i already deposited my check?
how is it possible to add another card to account
i'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
why would i get a decline message in a transfer?
what is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
how can receive a physical card
will i see the transfer in my account within the week?
which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
how do i query a payment on my card? it looks like i have paid for the same thing twice.
i was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
i made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
what is the point of verifying a top up?
when will my deposit post to my account?
i need help. i updated my balance with a check yesterday and im not seeing it. can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
my card is about to expire.  how do i order another?
what is this direct debit in my statement?
the exchange rate was wrong?
when i received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
an extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
i just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? why is that? i've transferred money before and it worked without problem
how is my card payment still pending?
please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
i received my card. how do i link it to the app?
how do i cancel a recent transfer?
i just got married and need to change my name on the account
how do i know which payments i make will have additional fees? where can i find this information online?
i'm going on a trip soon and i needed to convert my russian ruble to uk pounds, but when i did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. did you mess up my transaction?
the atm didn't give me what i asked for but my balance says it did
why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
your system is broken. my transfers keep failing, 5 times now.
may i order another card?
can you refund my purchase?
my card will expire soon, do i need to order a new one?
is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
at what cash machines can i change my pin?
i have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
hi, my card is getting declined during top-up. as it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
how do i go about getting an actual card?
i used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. seems that suddenly fees have increased? shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
i'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
i tried and tried, but i could not complete my transfer. tell me what is wrong.
i want to cancel a transfer i just made.
how can i reset my pin?
i was declined when i tried to withdraw cash!
i want to set up an auto top-up
in my account i noticed my atm withdrawal is still pending
can i track the card that was just sent to me?
do you have a return policy?
what do i do if i lost my phone?
the attempted transfer failed.
what are the steps to activate my card?
instructions for activating card
what is the process to activate a card
will you work with any fiat currencies?
the top-up i ordered didn't process.
i have a visa and mastercard, can i use these?
i need to have an item refunded.
the exchange rate was incorrect for an item i bought.
when did you send me my new card?
i no longer have my phone.
how can my new card be renewed?
how long does it take to show a deposit i made to my balance?
my credit card has been declined.
show me where to order my card.
after i deposited my cash, i still don't see it in my account.
i tried to make a purchase in the store but my card was declined.
how do i active this card?
why is my top up failing
i did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
why was i blocked from withdrawing from the atm?
how do i get a new card
can i do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
i couldn't complete card activation.
i'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
how much is it to buy another card? i was hoping to buy another one.
i was charged an extra fee for a card payment. i was unaware of these fees beforehand.
i just replaced my phone so do i have to make a new account?
the exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
i made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  can you check where the money is?
is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
i need to be made aware when i am being charged an extra amount for payments please. i looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. i was not warned about this before.
do i have to verify who i am?
i want to exchange usd and gbp with the app
hey i want to get a refund on something i bought, but not sure how to go about it. can you please just cancel the payment, i have not received the item yet.
where can i located the auto-top up option?
hi. please can you help me fix a double charge on my card? i'm looking at my transactions and this restaurant i went to earlier in the week has charged me twice! please remove the additional charge for me.
how long to uk transfers usually take? i made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. i just want to make sure it went through.
can i get an actual card
for sepa transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
why aren't my payment funds available to me?
it appears as though my card payment was duplicated. i paid at the store earlier today. the first time it was declined and the second time it worked. the app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
i topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
why was one of my transfers declined?
there is a fraudulent payment!
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months i noticed a pretty large charge that i know i did not make. i know it's been a while but can i still dispute this charge?
hello, i have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. i had some money in my account but i'm not sure what happened
why did i get a fee for getting cash?
can i auto top if i'm low on funds?
how many days do i have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
i tried to withdraw cash at an atm in the city center but my card was declined. the transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
when will my account receive the money?
what is the limit on disposable cards?
i was wondering if i could get a second card on this account? i would like my daughter to have one.
my account statements show a debit payment that i didn't make it's from some time ago i need to know if it is disputable.
could i get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
i ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
do i need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
my card payment didn't work
how do i start auto top up?
there was a direct debit i don't recognize.
tell me why my transfer was declined.
i have an outgoing transaction
what currencies does google pay top up accept?
i deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
can i use visa or mastercard with your service
why have i not gotten my new card?
how to exchange my currency
my new card has not been delivered to my home yet. what is going on?
i was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? it seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
i accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now i'm not able to use the app.
if i can't choose my card type will i be able to use it everywhere?
i have been charged twice for the same transaction.
how long does it take for a new card to ship?
i just made a top-up but it shows as pending! i use your service all the time and have never had a problem before. why does it keep showing up as pending?
are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
why was i charged a fee for my withdrawal?
can you show me how to top up with google play?
i need to cancel a purchase?
the exchange rate for my card payment doesn't seem right.
shouldn't my new card be here by now?
i would like to know if i can top up with google pay.
can i use google pay to top up?
is it possible to get both a visa and a mastercard?
what are the auto top-up policies?
i didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. what is the charge?
i've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. how long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
how can i change currency type?
what reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
i didn't make the direct debit payment on my account.
which type of card will i receive?
what is the fee charged for using my card?
is there a limit on making disposable cards?
how many disposable cards can i have at one time?
do you know how to change my card pin?
i want a backup second card. is this possible?
i hope you can help me. my account has been compromised from a different town that i haven't been to. can you please place a hold on my account until i can make it to the bank?
$20 came out instead of $100
can i get a physical card
help my money isnt showing up
hello. i looked at my account and see that a transaction i tried to do is pending, but i did not complete that transaction. when i was at the atm, the machine declined my card. can you make sure that transaction does not go through because i definitely did not receive the money.
how do i top up using my apple watch?
have a payment that i haven't done.
i requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. why is that?
why is my transfer pending?
how do i get top up to work for my card
why has my withdrawal not posted?
can you tell me why my card was declined?
i'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could i get an additional card from my account to give her?
i was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
is it free to exchange currency?
please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. i was expecting more money for the transaction.
can i exchange currencies usign this app?
what currencies do you accept?
i was trying to use my card and it was declined, when i tried to find out what happened i found cash withdraw for $500 that i didn't do.  can you please help figure this out?
i want to use a payment card to top up my account. how can i do this?
why is my exchange rate wrong?
why do i have two charges it should only be one charge?
you did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that i bought.
do you charge for making a withdrawal? i took some money out of my account earlier and i was charged for this.
why did my cash deposit not show up?
i can't find out how to top-up my account using cash.
i accidentally entered in my retailers information, what should i do next
what different currencies can i get?
i got $20 when i should've gotten $100
why is the refund not on my statement?
why are my transfers getting declined?  i havent had a problem in the past.
can you tell me why i was declined from getting cash?
how do i verify my card?
i am seeing in the app a diret debit that its not mine
how long does it take for a transfer to show up in my account?
help me cancel a transaction.
what is the extra fee that was added when i used the card?
what does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
why can i not choose the card i want?
when will my money be in my account?
can i change my pin through the app?
i had to pay one pound more than the set price!
i can't get google pay to work right.
it appears my top-up has not gone through.
can i change my card pin?
it's been a week since you sent my card and i still don't have it.
what do i do when i get close to the expiration date of my card?
how do i order another card?
can i change my pin abroad?
is ordering a new card from china available?
is there a way to fix my top up
my account transfer was not cleared.
i am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. it seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. what is the normal turn around time that i can expect to see it completed?
the app is showing that i received alot more money than i actually received from the atm. this occurred earlier today.
can you please tell me why i cant get money from the atm?
i am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that i did not authorize.
the app is showing a payment i never made.
why would a merchant refuse a payment
my account was charged twice for one purchase
why is the exchange rate different from what i expected?
if i see a payment in the app that i don't recognize, what should i do?
why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
i have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  i definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
i cannot see a refund in my account
i have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
please, tell me why i can't have the funds i deposited a week ago? i need the money now.
where do your cards get delivered to?
i am suppose to be getting a refund from something i purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
why is my beneficiary not allowed?
i paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
can i use your app to exchange usd for gbp?
what are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
how can i get my money that i didn't get from the atm?
i tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. i got the same error today after trying again. what is the problem?
how do i get a spare card?
why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
i need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
i have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. do you know why this may be?
trouble with my top up
which one are you?  visa or mastercard?
now that i have my card, how do i connect it to the app?
what are then rules on beneficiaries?
i wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
i just got married and i need to change my name
there is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
i still haven't received my card in the mail
i was unable to transfer money to a beneficiary.
i just saw some charges on my card from the past days that i dont recognize, i need to freeze the card asap! will i be able to get my money back?
shopping on line i was declined when trying to buy something.
why do i have to give you my drivers license
why did i get charged extra?
i have another card from the u.s. will you be able to accept that one?
a direct debit payment i didn't do shows in my app
instead of gbp, how do i exchange for aud?
what countries are you available in?
i think somebody made an unauthorized copy of my card.  my account has a cash withdrawal for 500£ that i did not make.  please help.
any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
it looks like my card payment was sent back.
my phone is lost i don't want someone to use my account, what can i do?
is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
i topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
the rate applied to my foreign currency at an atm was incorrect.
is there something wrong with the transferring functions? i keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
good afternoon. i made a transfer from my uk bank account.  i haven't seen anything on the account in the pass few hours. please check the account to make sure everything is fine.
i purchased this item and would like a refund
why did i have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
can i change my in at all atm's?
i wanted $100 but only got $20
my statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. i do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
how do i verify the top up?
can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
i want to take back my transaction
i sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it, what's going on?
how many countries do you work in?
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
why is checking my identity important?
why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
i need assistance addressing a direct debit that i did not do myself.
what is your check-cashing policy?
i am trying to make a transfer to a different account but they keep getting declined. i have double checked all the details and the information is correct.
i am still waiting for a transfer to show up
am i able to track a card that has already been sent?
this debit is not my transcation. how do i get my money out back?
if you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
when going to the atm to take out some cash today my withdrawal was  declined.  i need to fix this problem as soon as possible. whats going on?
my top is still pending.
last saturday, i was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. is something wrong?
how long should it take for a transfer to go through? i have been waiting a while.
what currencies can i use?
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
please tell me how to edit my personal details.
my cash deposit isn't in my account. what happened?
why am i seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
$1 charge in transaction.
how long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time i try to use it?
i did not get all the cash at atm.
it kept my cash
someone else charged my card!
why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
my money i added isn't on my card.
what is this €1 charge?
why does my statement have an extra fee?
hello, i am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. it keeps showing up as error, what is going on? can you please help me make this transfer?
my last atm request did not go through due to a declined card. please cancel the request on my account.
how can i tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
do currency exchanges cost extra?
why can't i see my refund in my statement?
i am not sure where my phone is.
how fast can i transfer something from china?
can someone in the us have a card?
why have i been charged a small fee to use my card?
how long does it take for a top up to go through
why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when i tried to buy something just now the card got declined . i tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
how can i solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
i think a card payment i made was cancelled.
i wanted to withdraw $100 from the atm but i only got $20
how can i change to my married name?
a transfer i sent was received in less than the full amount i originally sent, and now i have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. what happened?
i was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
i'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
is going to a bank only way to change my pin?
i'm having money transferred from europe, how long will this take?
what are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
can i choose between mastercard and visa?
where'd the rest of my cash go from the atm
my payment for my card is not working
how do i setup my apple pay
are there fees for adding money with an international card?
help! i'm missing money, i deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
i withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
why can't i get my top up to work in apple pay?
hi, in morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. so far it was working fine. could you please check my card.
i was charged twice, when i didn't purchase anything twice.
how do i avoid charges in the future
transfer isn't working?
there is a direct debit transaction on my statement that i think is not mine. how do i remove?
can you tell me why my top-up failed?
i was charged extra or a hidden fee when i purchased something from you. what's the deal? i didn't authorize that charge.
after i used my card i saw i was charged a fee for using it
i have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. how do i stop the transfer?
tell me why my transfer is pending.
i am looking to get a visa credit card, what must i do to achieve this?
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
my husband and i went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. now i see that my card was charged twice. who should i contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
i got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
when i attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
declined, transfer not completed.
i ordered my card but it still isn't here
i'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
what reasons would a topup fail?
explain the extra atm fees.
can i request a refund
for what reason is my transfer still pending now?
i'm travelling abroad but i've run into a situation where i need to change my pin immediately. can i do this from here?
there is an odd payment in my statement
i transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
i would like my refund for this item i bought.
i've been checking my statement to see if i've received a refund i requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. but it has not. this should have come back to me already. can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
my new card came in.  how do i activate?
can i cancel a transaction?
it's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
the app rejected my top up
i lost my wallet and i think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. please help. it is urgent.
what currencies and cards do you support?
when will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
are you located in other countries?
can i apply for one of your cards if i live in the eu?
the other bank confirmed a transfer i made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
how long does a transfer to another country normally take? i check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. it's 2018, nothing should take this long. i have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. what is the hold up?
why was i charged extra on my app?
what fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
i have a fee and i don't know why
i can't figure out how to change gbp to aud, what do i do?
where is the top-up verification code sent?
why can i not make a transfer?
hi, please help me to request cash back. as i have been withdrawn money from atm, but i got wrong amount. in application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
what steps do i need to get another card?
why won't you take my transfer, i keep getting an error message.
i don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
i don't know where the top-up verification code is.
i wanted to purchase some crypto. the app will not let me. what's going on here? i really want to make this exchange.
i bought something and i take issue with the exchange rate applied.
how long after i receive my statement can i dispute payments on it?
i have a disposable virtual card. is there a limit to how many times i can use it?
how much to exchange currencies?
how long will it take to refund me
i did not receive the correct amount of cash.
i want a refund on the things i bought
should i be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
using your app, would i be able to exchange between usd and gbp?
i have a direct debit on my records that is strange and i need help.
why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
how long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
my top up hasn't gone through
can i choose from either visa or mastercard?
i don't want to buy this car anymore, can i cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
i need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
why is verifaction required for my identity?
i tried to get money out of an atm in notting hill earlier, but it didn't work. is my card actually working? it's the first time i tried using it
transfer has failed.
i got a fee when paying with my card
i feel as though i have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last saturday.
when i got cash the exchange rate was wrong
what currences are available for exchange?
why wouldn't the atm give me cash?
how long will it take the money to appear in my account?
i want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
i didn't receive the correct amount of cash
will i have to pay extra to exchange money?
what is the max amount of disposable cards i'm allowed.
i'm worried that my card has been compromised because i see a payment that i didn't make.
i tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. why is it pending?
what are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
there is a top up that has been pending for an hour and i don't know why.  i was expecting it immediately and need it now!
where can i find the auto-top up feature?
i think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
i cannot seem to activate card
hi, i tried to top up my card today and it did not work. i have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. can you help me out?
where is the transfer that i did?
i transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. i double checked the information and it looks right. can you help me?
why was i charged twice for the same transaction?
i haven't received the cash from the check i deposited.
can i exchange usd for gbp in your app?
there is a payment on my card that i do not recognize.
are cards available in the eu?
could you please tell me how to activate my new card?
i made a purchase recently but i have decided that i'm not buying it and i need to receive my money back. can you please give me a refund asap. it's extremely urgent.
my topup got reverted. please let me know if there is any issue in system.
why am i being charged again?
where did the money i deposit go??
why is this payment pending?
i lost my phone, what should i do?
when can i expect my refund?
i'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. i went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. will your machine charge me extra to do this?
can you please tell me why i was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
someone has access to my card info.  i still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  how do i get this corrected/stopped?!
the card payment didn't work
why can't my transfer complete?
what fiat currencies are used for holdings?
i need to transfer something to china. it is urgent. how many days will it take to get there?
can i withdraw from any atm?
how do i authenticate my top-up?
i am from x but am traveling to y - how do i get currency for y?
verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
i've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that i just got. i now see that i suddenly have new fees.i'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
how long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
a transfer could not be completed.
what do i need to do for a refund?
there is a payment that i was charged two times for.
i asked for cash but i did not receive all the funds
why was i not able to get cash from the atm?
i don't know my password
i'm waiting for the id verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
my cash out is still pending
why can i not do a  transfer
how can i use thereto-top option?
my statement contains an unknown payment
i want to be sure that everything is okay here. i just made a transfer from a uk account and it is still not showing up. how long does this typically take?
i need to know what is going on. i'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. i'm only getting an error. can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
i did not get the item i ordered.  how should i go about this?  should i just cancel my order or my payment?  please help me.
can i get an item refunded?
how long is a transfer in the pending status?
cash i did not get showed up in my account
i've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. please place a freeze on my account until i can make it to the bank.
how do i request more physical cards?
how long does it take for my top up to clear?
i could not access my money at the atm
can you tell me how do i get a card?
can i activate my card?
if i lost my phone, what steps do i need to take to stop someone from using my account?
i don't see the transaction i made to a friend on my account.
i need to change my last name on my account because i just got married.
will it cost me to get a second card?
i haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
how can i change the currency i'm exchanging from aud to gbp?
what is the identity check for?
i deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
how many purchases can i make with one disposable card?
does transferring money have a fee?
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
can you please sort out your top up? i need this to go through asap because i really need the money. it's already been pending for an hour.
what do you use disposable cards on?
there's a payment that isn't mine on my app
i need to get some euros for my holiday. am i able to exchange some of my money?
money was taken out without my consent,
i wanted to know why a top-up i made has been reverted.
you applied the wrong exchange rate while i was traveling outside the country.
i deposited a check yesterday to up my account balance, but that deposit hasn't shown up yet.  it's been a day already!
how do i top-up while traveling?
may i have a visa and a mastercard from you.
do i need my phone to use the app?
i don't think i made this transaction on my statement
i did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. please check and inform when it would complete.
i'm checking my statements and i saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that i don't recall at all. not only that, but i don't even know the business that charged it. i'm not sure if i did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
currency exchanges have any extra fees?
help! i tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
i see cash in my app but i did not get it.
i think i was charged extra on my payment on last saturday.  maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  i'd like a refund.
i am still awaiting the money i put into my account this morning.
i don't see a refund in my account.
i cannot get to my app, what should i do?
i have used this account overseas recently. has there been an increase in fees that i am unaware of?
who charged my card
are there any limit on the auto top-up?
i'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
my card payment was cancelled.  why?
duplicate transactions appear on my account
can you elaborate on why i have an extra charge just for transferring?
what is the extra fee i was charged when using an atm?
card refund is not showing up in my statement.
i've just been married and need to update my name
why, when paying with the card, was i charged an extra fee?
why did my payment get declined?
for adding money, which currencies do you accept?
any chance of getting the card outside the uk?
why was i charged extra when paying with card?
why is my top-up pending?
i don't know what pending transaction means.
how come my transfer got declined
what is the refund procedure?
does google play offer the service to top up?
i can't find my phone; what can i do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
the money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
i made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. give me my money back.
can i change my pin on holiday?
how can i exchange to eur?
my money is gone :( i had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
it seems that something went wrong with my exchange. i changed russian ruble into uk pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
i have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
what is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
so i just went to the atm to get some cash.  i input that i needed 100 pounds but i only got 80.  i have the receipt  and i am in need of the extra money.  how do i go about obtaining the missing amount?
after my checque or cash deposit, my balance didn't update.
can an american resident apply to get a card?
there's an unauthorized cash withdraw
why isn't my refund showing up?
i transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
i recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
i tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. what is happening?
with one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
why have i not got my new card?
there's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
how do i set up auto top-up?
can i check my recent refund in my statement?
why does my account show as pending a cash withdrawal from the atm that i have already made?
i'm being charged for using my card!
i live in america, but i would like a card.
card activation is not working. what do i do?
why would a merchant revert a card payment?
in what places can i use my card?
i notice that i have a card payment that's been cancelled.
what do i need to do in order to use my card i just got?
a strange card payment, i do not recognize it.
i tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
hello, i am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time. according to your information, the transaction should be instant - why does it still show as pending?
i need quickly transfer something from china. about how long will it take?
i think someone may have cloned my card or something.  my card isn't lost but i just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  can you help me?
my card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
i was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  my card is being used and it isn't me.  what should i do?
why do you keep declining my payment?i tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
why am i charged to get money from the atm?
why are my payments not working and show pending?
how long will it take for my money to be deposited?
tell my why my top-up is pending.
a foreign purchase i made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
can i use this app to exchange between dollars and pounds?
how long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! can you fix this to go through?
could i reactivate my card please, i couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
there is a card payment that i'm not recognizing.
there's a cash withdrawal that  didn't make that is showing up.
can i use apple pay to top-up?
when will my payment go through?
do i receive the physical card for free
my card payment has been on pending forever. what is the problem? it should have gone through at some time by now.
is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
are their certain cash machines where i can change my pin?
in the app i see a payment that is not mine.
the atm keeps declining my card! i tried two different atms already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
please sort your top up! my top up has been pending for an hour already. can you please make it go through as soon as possible. i really need the money.
i need to change my personal details in my account.
who can have access to top up my account?
the top-up verification code is not visible.
my transfer hasn't arrived
why did you charge me extra when i withdrew cash?
my payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
what do i need to do for the card activation?
my atm withdrawal is taking forever
i noticed a different charge while i was taking my money out.
why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
please help me with my card. as i have tried to use my card in two different atms but repeatedly it was declining by atm.
money was transferred to me and i am unable to see it
hi, there is a suspicious payment from my card. i definitely do not know who this is or who could have made this payment.
i just saw a fee on my account. when do these get charged?
what's up with the fee for getting cash?
what is the fee for accepting money from a foreign country?
why is my atm cash withdrawal not working?
i didn't make this payment!
are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  it can't be that atrocious between banks.
how do i make my card appear on the app?
why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
i want to get a refund.
my top up has been pending for an hour already, and i really need this to go through as soon as possible.  can you help?
a few hours ago i made a bank transfer from my uk account but i don't see that it has arrived.   can you check and see if all is ok please?
can i choose my visa or mastercard?
why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? i thought it was suppose to be instant? am i wrong? why is it still pending?
i was not given the amount of cash i withdrew
i want a refund for an item
why is my refund not visible on my statement?
i was made to pay an additional pound!
you charged me more than once for the same transaction!
i need a quick transfer from china.  how long would that take?
how long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
i see a direct debit transaction in my history that i did not set up.
why does my identity need to be verified?
the card can be used at which atms?
will i get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
i needed some cash while abroad, and i'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
when will my top up process?
why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
someone has taken my phone from my hotel room!
do international transfers take longer?? i made a transfer from france 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
hey, i have my card, how do i get it to show in the app?
i tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
is it possible to get one of your cards in the european union?
what is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
why is there a charge when i took out money?
top up for my american express card is not working
a friend was telling me about her disposable cards. what would i have to do to be able to get that feature?
i took out cash from the atm, but something must have went wrong, my account shows the correct amount of cash i took out, but the atm didn't give me that amount. how do i get my money back?
i don't know if i made this payment on my card.
why is there a payment showing twice?
why would the atm machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal i requested?
extra charge during transfer
i have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. i changed russian ruble into uk pounds.
i can't use the app because i got mugged yesterday and they took everything. please help.
i have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
it seems my card payment was completed twice. i paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. after a second attempt, it did go through. i now see within the app that i have been charged twice with one of them pending. can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
can you walk me through how i can edit some of my personal information?
hi, i am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. i do want to do the exchange, could you please let me know what is the problem?
what is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
i am unable to transfer money. i believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
why was there an extra charge because i used my card to pay?
i needed cash today, so i used another provider's atm, and when i attempted to withdraw, it declined. i just checked it out and i'm still showing my account with that amount pending! i didn't take any money out, it was declined, so i don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
what is this extra fee that i got when i used my card to pay?
i was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank atm. how can that be possible when i haven't been charged for using it before?
my currencies needed to be exchanged often and i was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
i deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
is there a way to tell where the money came from?
my friend says he hasn't received my transaction
i noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. could you explain to me why?
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
what if my top up is reverted?
will my card be a mastercard or a visa?
how can i change my information?
how do i know where the funds come from?
why is top up pending
how do i know when my card will expire?
can i add money to my card automatically during a trip?
my refund is still pending
how do i add a new card?
can my pin be changed in any cash machine?
help!  the app has an atm withdrawl that i didn't make.
there was a limited amount of money available at the time of my transaction.
i already have an account. why can't i use it unless my identity is verified?
am i supposed to verify my identity?
a false direct debit payment is showing in my app
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
what about an auto top-up, is that a option?
why didn't the atm give me all my money
i have a card that was deactivated can i reactivate it?
i'd like to discuss an order i placed quite a long time ago. i have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  i want a refund as i now refuse to pay for the product.
want to get a new card in china
i've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? i went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. there's a new fee that there.
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
what are all the fiat currencies that are supported for both exchange and holding?
can i change my pin on my phone?
is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
why do i see a random withdrawal in my app?
why was my payment reverted on the app
please help! i was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller i don't remember. is it possible for you to track the sale, because i really don't think i made a payment to them.
why would a merchant revert my payment?
i would like to receive a refund for something i bought.
i made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
i tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, i was unsuccessful.
i would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
the atm keeps rejecting my payment. i tried two different atms but did not work .can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
i want to use my card, how would i activate it?
what identification is required to activate my card?
there has been a charge pending on my account statement that i can't figue out it's for a dollar.
what is with the need to have all my id information?
i couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
why is there a payment i didn't do in my app?
what caused my top-up to be returned?
do you allow currency exchanges?
can you track my card for me?
i did not receive all of my cash back
i need a number of disposable cards everyday.
i can't see a transfer to my account i made.
how much would i be charged for a transfer?
why was i charged extra on my last uk pound to russian ruble exchange?
my new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
a debit came through that i need to dispute.
when i was abroad the exchange rate for me was wrong.
i have been charged a fee, i didn't know about this fee before! when do you charge extra for card payments?
i think someone saw my pin and i am on vacation in spain, can i change it locally at an atm?
my phone is at the hotel.  how can i use the app?
i need to exchange my gbp to aud, how would i do this?
please tell me why i would have to pay a fee for a recent payment. thanks.
my refund has not hit my account yet
i live in the us and i would like to get a card. how do i go about getting one?
google pay top up did not work
the atm is showing it gave me the money i requested but i didn't get that amount.
what do i do to get ahold of my own card?
i got a €1 extra fee in my statement
i thought that transfers are free. why was i charged an extra fee?
do i have to pay for a second card?
i want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but i couldn't.
phone is gone, what should i do
help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
can you change my currency to eur?
is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
what's going on? i was just recently charged for an atm withdrawal. i've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
could i get a mastercard and visa from you?
there has a recent suspicious withdrawal on my bank account. is it possible to freeze my card?
help! i think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
i just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  the item has not been received yet.
is my credit card supported for top-ups?
i was wrongfully charged one pound.
i bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
what is going on? i have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. why is my transfer still pending? it's 2018 not 1818. transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
i can't do any business with this virtual card.
i live in the eu.  can i order one of your cards?
transfers can take up to one day to process before departing for the beneficiary accounts. please confirm that you've entered your account details correctly. sepa transfers can take up to two working days, while swift transfers can take up to five working days.
why and i being charged this fee?
i requested a refund but can't see it.
is auto top up available?
are cards from the us accepted?
does it matter if i use visa or mastercard?
why do you need to perform identity verification?
do i have to manually top up once i'm too low?
am i able to use apple pay?
tell me what i need to do to activate my card.
when will my transfer be in my account?
i can not find my phone or it has been stolen.
i already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
i think someone stole money from my card
how do i get my card into the app?
can i use my account before the identity verification is complete?
my transfer was rejected
i was charged a hidden fee when i paid with card.
i have a transfer that was declined.
i bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
my transfer failed to a beneficiary
i would like to exchange currency  what types are there?
i got less cash than what i specified at the atm.
i recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. it was in eu's. how long does this take?
why didn't i receive the correct exchange rate for an item that i purchased?
do you support changing the currency i use?
if i lost my phone at the hotel, can i still use the app?
i prefer to get a mastercard.
i would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. how can i get one?
my account is depleted. can i transfer funds from another bank?
why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
i would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
i was charged an extra pound.
how can i hold and exchange fiat currencies?
if i ordered my new card last week, how much longer should i wait to receive it?
where do i need to go to change my pin?
i haven't received money from a transfer?
i couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
i just have one additional card from the usa. do you support that?
i do not like this, i made a simple transfer but i have an additional charge for doing so.
can you explain why the atm is giving me less money than what i asked for?
i don't think the exchange rate was right.
i withdrew  money from the atm and was overcharged.  it said nothing about an extra fee.
whats wrong with my currency exchange?
why hasn't the money i transferred into my account shown up yet?
what are the places that you deliver cards to?
why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
please check my payment from last saturday as i feel i have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  thank you.
i am waiting on the refund
when will my transfer arrive
why is my beneficiary not being allowed to get payment services?
i want to change my pin - do i need to be in a bank?
do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
i tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
i heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
how do i reset my passcode?
when i tried to pay in a store my card din't work
is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
i require verification of my source of funds.
the atm wouldn't let me have my money.
what is the max top-up?
help, i don't see my money i just added.
are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
why was i charged twice for my item!
is it possible for a person who lives in the us to get a card?
how long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
i have been charged a fee that i didn't know about. why have you charged me extra for card payments?
do i need to verify my top-up card?
i don't recognize this payment
they is a payment i don't recognize on my statement.
where can i exchange between gbp and usd
which atms allow me to change my pin?
why wasn't my payment to beneficiary x approved?
my details need to be changed, how can i do so?
are cards delivered to my location?
does auto top-up have a limit?
why is the exchange rate so high? this should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
my statement shows different transaction times.
what is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
i did not receive the right amount of cash i requested
why did i get a different card then requested?
where can i find the top up verification code?
what is the cause of the delay in applying my card payment to my account?
says that my top-up is incomplete?
i need help- i got mugged yesterday and they took everything so i can't use the app.
how many active cards can i have?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
hi! a seller that i requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though i keep checking it. can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
will it be possible to change from usd to gbp with this app?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
is american express accepted?
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
my payment has been cancelled
my card couldn't pay in a shop.
how do i receive a physical card?
there is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
is there a foreign currencies charge?
is it possible to exchange usd and gbp on the app?
is there a  way to  get around fees
can i track the card that you sent me in the mail?
two days ago i did a transfer to another account within the country.  it doesn't appear the transfer went through.  i have verified the account number several times.  could you please check on this for me?
why is the atm not allowing me to get cash?
is there a reason that my top-up is still pending?
how long will my cash withdrawal take
mastercard is my preferred company.
tell me why i need top-up to be verified?
is apple pay a top up service?
my account shows up as pending after i received cash from the atm earlier.  how can this be still pending? i've got the cash already.
i could not get the cash i wanted
when will a transfer from the us post?
how is this transfer supposed to work? it's not working for me.
i only have a card from the us is that okay?
i made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
where can the cards be delivered?
i have an unknown charge.
can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
i couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
can i electronically transfer funds into my account from my american express?
what are the reasons a beneficiary would be denied?
i would really like a physical card.
would i have to pay anything if i need an additional card?
can it add money automatically while travelling
what's the card you sent me's tracking number?
can i put my found card back into the app on my phone?
what currencies do you offer?
help, the atm didn't give me all the money i requested
what do i do if i completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
what currencies can i have?
can i change my pin remotely?
how do i begin the process of a refund?
i'd like to order another card
i got cash from an atm earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. how can this still be pending, i already received the cash?
what are the steps that i need to take to activate a new card?
i bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. how long do eu transfers actually take?
i'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. what should i do?
when i was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and i need help. can you fix this?
do i have to go to an actual bank to change my pin?
what flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
my card failed to work when i was shopping in a store
do i get a discount if i exchange currencies a lot?
how come there is a $1 extra charge on my statement?
what do i do if i do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
i tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
how do i deposit cash?
i tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. i would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. i definitely do not want to be charged for money i never received.
do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
seems like my top-up has been cancelled
why can't my beneficiary get access?
can you explain why my payment is still pending?
my card is about to expire.  are there any costs with a replacement card?  how quick do you mail it to me?
please help!  there was an extra fee when i got cash.
it seems like i have been waiting forever for this international transfer. why is it taking so long? c'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. all of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
will there be any fees for top ups?
why is my purchase showing as pending?
why did you cancel my card payment?
i got charged two times for a transaction
does the app top up automatically?
do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
why did my top-up get reverted?
can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
will you guys do visa or mastercard?
do you accept credit cards from the us
there is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
the app has rejected my top up.
after reviewing my charges, i see i was charged a fee for a transfer i did, why?
i need to freeze my card. there are charges on there that i did not authorize. they've been coming out for a couple of days. can i get this money back?
there's an error with the rate that is charged.
why was i charged for withdrawing cash?
how is top-up verified?
transfer was declined, could not complete request.
my cash transaction isn't showing on my receipt
why do you need to verify my identity?
this past holiday i made a withdraw at the atm machine, and it seems i've been charged too much.
why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
why is there an extra charge on my statement.
can i get a card that works in other countries like africa and indonesia?
did you lose my money? i had added funds through top-up not long ago and i know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. what happened?
hello, i made a payment with my card and it's not working. it's been a while and still says its pending. can you tell when this will go through?
hello, i wanted to get some more information about atm withdraw fee. i have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. i always thought it was no fee since its you guys atm company that i am withdrawing. can you please explain?
i have one of your cards, but i don't know how to link it.
when i travel can it top up automatically
if i wanted to change my pin, how would i do that?
will my other us credit card be accepted?
can you tell me the countries you operate in?
on the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
i think that there was an error in calculating the exchange rate.  i recently withdrew cash and received much less than expected.
i must make several disposable cards per day.
will i be charged for transfers?
found card, how to put it back in app
how long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
help me create several temp cards every day.
i noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
i made a payment but the app cancelled it.
i need my refund as soon as possible. what else do i have to do?
i have one other credit card from the us. do you take that?
i received my card, how do i get it to show in the app?
can you send me more cards for my account?
do you give out visa or mastercards?
a transfer is pending.
what should i do if i want to get another card for someone in my family?
can my account me accessed by a thief?  i was mugged.
how long will my most recent transfer take to go through? the recipient needs the money urgently.
i could not use my card in a store.
my salary is in gbp. do i need to configure this somewhere?
will i need a new card or can i put my old card back into the app?
how many times can i use a virtual card?
my card wont work at an atm
why can't i edit my personal details?
why was i charged an extra pound?
my rate of exchange was wrong.
why is the payment on my card still pending?
i need some help now please! there are some transactions on my account that i do not remember purchasing. can they be reversed? can you please cancel or freeze my card so i don't keep getting charged?!
i want to know why my top-up was reverted
why is my refund missing in my statement?
i tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. after looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. can you find out what is going on here? i don't want to be charged for some money i never got.
i've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
what is your policy on withdrawing cash from an atm? there is a fee on my account that wasn't there before i paid for my groceries.
i need my purchase cancelled.
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
why do you need my name and id
is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the uk?
when will a cash withdrawal show up?
what currencies do you support?
i am waiting for the money to enter my account. how long does it take?
the atm machines keep declining my card and i don't know why. i thought i had money in my account. why is this happening?
i wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
i want to replace my current pin.
if i have a physical card can i link it?
i need a new card and i live in the united states.
is it possible to track the card you sent me?
my credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  can you tell me why?
i couldn't get the money i needed.
unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
how many physical cards am i allowed to have?
i did a cash deposit to my account, but i am not seeing it on my statement.
how do i make my transfer go through
why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
do i need to go to a physical bank to change my pin?
i requested $100 but only got $20
can you tell me how i go about activating a new card?
i am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
why is my card payment still pending? it should have gone through already.
where do you need to live to receive card
please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. one payment is still pending and i do not want to pay twice.
how long does it take for transfers to process?  i sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
i need to change details about my personal account.
why is my withdrawal wrong? i took out $100 but only received $20.
why can't i get cash from the atm?
is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
can i have a mastercard?
i deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
why was my top up reverted?
i need an accurate exchange rate, when i make my withdrawals.
i added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
i was unable to transfer money from my account.
the transfer to my account was not allowed.
the exchange rate used on your app is really bad. i'm considering closing my account because of it.
a seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
when exchanging currencies, is there an extra fee?
i just checked my account on the app and there is a payment on there that i did not make.
how can i add physical money to my card?
yesterday i topped up my card. why didn't it complete as it still pending?
please check to see if the band transfer i made a while ago from my uk account has safely arrived.
although i am not located in the uk area, may i still receive a card?
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
will you be able to exchange to eur?
why hasn't my account updated?
is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
i thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? money just disappeared from my account, how it would work ?
why am i being double charged for something?
my card payment was cancelled it seems.
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
hello, is there any way to double check my card? i have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
the cheque i deposited isn't showing in my account
why did my transfer not work?
where is my cash deposit in my balance?
there is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  i do not think that i bought anything that costed 1£.  what is going on?
i got charged twice with a duplicate card. how do i resolve this?
can i edit my details?
i think i am a victim of fraud.  i noticed there was a charge on my account that i didn't do because i haven't touched my card today.  can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
i lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
i'm not in the uk, but can i still get a card?
what is the number of transactions i get with a disposable card?
my refund is not showing.
why is my payment still pending?
can you please explain why my transfer failed?
i was declined a transfer
do you have to be in the uk to get a card?
please help me change my pin.
why is the top-up i made still pending.
there is a direct debit patentp that i haven't authorized.
when will my cheque be processed?
top up with credit card
i have to make several disposable cards per day.
tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
i'd like to get a visa card, please.
why wouldnt the atm give me money
why was i charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
what am i supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
how do i link one of your card that i already have?
is topping up with apple pay possible?
can i use it in any country?
my top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
i recently bought an item using my card and i was charged an extra fee why is this?
how do i dispute a direct debit that i didn't do?
i have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal i made outside nandos in leeds.  what is that for?  is it fraud?
hello, i'm having trouble with my card, i don't understand what's happening, i tried using the atm machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
why was a payment cancelled on my account?
i need urgent help. i realize i sent my payment to the wrong account number. i made a typo. please cancel the transfer now. there isn't an option from the app.
why has my top-up been returned to my account?
is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
i live in the eu - can i get a card?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
why have i received a rebate for my payment after a week?
do i have a choice for a mastercard?
my foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
i paid with my card so so why was i charged a transaction fee?
a transaction posted twice to my account.
i received a different amount of cash than what i entered.
can the card was sen to me be tracked?
i tried to use the atm today but it would not accept my card.
can i use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
how do i verify my top up?
what will happen after my card expires?
hey, i attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. when i did it the other way it worked just fine. could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
how long do i wait for a transfer to take?
am i able to order a disposable virtual card?
there is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
when i look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
there should be a cash withdrawal that i haven't seen yet.
why is there a fee for my transfer?
why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
i need to transfer funds from china and quick expedition is crucial. approximately how long does it take for a transfer from china to go through?
i'm not verifying my identity.
i want to activate my new card.
can both visa and mastercard be chosen?
i was given the wrong amount of cash
i got a card, how do i get it in the app?
my transfer didn't complete. why can't i access funds?
i was overcharged at an atm while on vacation. i needed cash so i had to use it, but your charges are outregous and i wish i would have known beforehand.
do i need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
what are the steps i should take to recover my swallowed card?
where are you cards supported?
is there a fee for physical cards?
hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. please check the issue.
i think the top up failed
i have a card payment that i don't recognize. what should i do?
i made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. how long will this payment take to complete?
how long does it take for my payment to process?
why am i unable to transfer money when i was able to before?
why i'm i being charged an extra pound
can i have multiple currencies in my account?
is the card welcomed by everybody?
i think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
help! in the app there is a payment that i don't remember.
it is still pending, i am still waiting. your system just shows my top-up as pending. what is happening?
the exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
can i exchange currencies with the app?
i've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
if i exchange currencies on a regular basis, is there a discount?
i didn't set up the direct debit i have
the app shows a withdrawal that i did not make or authorize.
there's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
when are you going to transfer the money?
what is your exchange rate between uk pounds and russian rubles for my last transaction
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
are top-ups allowed using apple pay?
i seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
i need my card activated.
please tell me if i'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
would i need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
my currency rate is inaccurate.
i recently bought something in foreign currency and i am unsure of the exchange rate. is this rate applied correctly?
am i able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? i don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. i am having this problem since last two weeks.
no visa please. i want to continue with mastercard.
how can i trade currencies with this app?
it looks like i was charged twice for a single transaction
would you be able to offer me a discount, since i need to exchange currencies frequently?
i tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do i solve this problem?
i prefer mastercard.
how do i add a card on to the app?
i made a transfer but my balance hasn't been updated
can you tell me why i was charged extra when i withdrew money?
what is this fee for transferring money?
i want to get a visa
i got double charged from something, what can i do?
have you started charging for cash withdrawals? i always thought it was free until i noticed this fee. how much is the fee?
i got an unexpected charge on my transfers. how can i correct this?
when will the money from a transfer be made available on my account?
why was i unable to complete my transfer?
what to do if my card is about to expire?
what should i do if my passcode won't work?
i thought i was going to receive more currency?
a payment in my account was made by someone i don't know
i seem to be having trouble with my google pay top. can you please help?
i didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
please cancel the transaction
totally unacceptable.  i'm stranded with no cash because the atm wouldn't give me any money!
my cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
i'm trying to use my apple watch to top up my google pay. do i need a special app?
why is verification for my identity needed?
i've been charged an extra £1 and i don't know what it's for
i have to transfer money over to my mother, and i have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
how do i turn on my new card?
hi,  one of payment is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card. i guess it did not processed, could you please check and update me.
it says pending status for my payment. why?
hi,  i have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. now i have transfer the difference of the amount. i think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
exchanging currencies costs what?
it seems like my card payment didn't work.
can you send me a mastercard, instead of a visa?
i was issued a card about a week ago. why hasn't it come in yet?
why and how soon do i have to have proof of identity to you?
hi, i'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! all the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
this exchange rate you use is awful! please tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate!
why would i receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when i've done it before?
i think my pin has been compromised, what do i do?
is there anything to do because my phone was stolen?
i would like to return my purchases
i misplaced my phone so i can't use the app! does this mean i can't use my card?
what countries do your services support?
can i schedule future top ups?
i need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. i attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  should this not be faster than this?
the atm won't let me take out cash
is there a fee when i get cash from an atm? is there a limit i can take out? if there is a fee, what is it?
will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
my statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
what currencies do you accept for adding money?
how long does it typically take for a pending atm withdrawal to clear?
i need assistance finding out why i am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  it is extremely imperative i get this resolved quickly.
can i use my new card?
what reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
why check my identity?
my wallet was taken and i see that someone is using my card!   please help me!
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
hi i've been trying to top up my card for the past day but it gets declined, i need it topped up urgently! can somebody get back to me to resolve this or explain any different ways i can top up my card?
how do i activate my card so i can start using it?
i think there's a purchase at a store that i didn't go to.
how long does it take for a transfer from europe to go through?
why does my transfer keep failing? i've tried 5 times and they all failed.
can i have a new card shipped to china?
hello, i went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  i've had a transfer pending for a while, and i can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
i'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
is eur one of the currencies you deal with?
a payment that i didn't make appears in my app.
i have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
hello. i have a transaction in my account listed as pending. i tried to use an atm at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and i did not receive the money. why is the transaction still pending if i did not receive the money.
what do i need to do to get my new card which i have requested 2 weeks ago?
how do i obtain a second card?
need help with google pay top up
hi, i am unable to see transaction in my account which i made couples of hours ago from my uk account. please help me in this.
the atm is messed up. it gave me less than i wanted.
why does my card continually get declined? i thought i had enough money in there but i've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
my top up was denied
the exchange rate for me was wrong when i was abroad.
why do i have a pending payment?
how come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
why am i being charged to withdrawal money?
i'm still waiting for the top-up!
i am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
i have a transfer from the us, how long is the wait?
has my top-up gone through?
i wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
there is an extra small charge on my card! what do i do?
the transaction for the cash i pulled out of the atm earlier is pending in the app, but how if i already have the cash?
i'm at the atm right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. what's going on? how can i fix this?
my funds are not transferring to my bank. why is this not working?
is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
i am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
it's been some time since refilled the top-up.
help! i need to cancel a transaction.
hello i changed my mind and want a refund on one of things i bought recently. can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. please it's urgent.
there is a payment that i made that hasn't gone through yet.
why isn't my top-up going through?
can i have a supplementary card?
i need help with my card!!!!! please. it keeps getting declined when i try to use it. i have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. i have no idea why.
what is the length of a transaction completion?
are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
hello, i trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. when i tried last time it worked but today it isn't. could you take a look at it for me?
please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
are there any country restrictions?
can you see my new balance yet?
i bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money i sent could you please tell me how long an eu transfer takes?
whats the reason for my payment being declined? it looked like everything went through ok and my account was good.
my app is showing a cash balance that i did not receive.
tell me how to verify a top up.
the card payment i attempted to make failed.
am i allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
the atm ate my card; how do i get a new one?
my cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
i want to reactivate my card, i thought i had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
my transfer failed to process correctly. is there a reason this would happen?
why was my request for cash declined?
i have a transfer that is still pending.
do i need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
i have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  i'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
i think i may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
will i be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
i need to do a card activation.
i was getting some cash out of the atm but it cancelled on me without warning.
i topped up but the app declined it
i am trying to find out how to exchange currency x with currency y.
is it possible to reactivate the card i thought i lost but found this morning in my jacket?
my top-up didn't go through
hey, i'm buying a flat and i need my mortgage to go though. however, every time i check i get an error message. is there any way you can help me with this transfer.
disaster, i've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
how can i top up my account by bank transfer?
i moved to a new city and need to change my address
what does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.i requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
i've got a problem - i bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. i like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. can you tell me what's happening?
it says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
what are these disposable virtual cards all about?
what do you need for the identity verification
i withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
where do i access the auto top-up function?
i tried to get some money but the machine was not working .the transaction still seems in progress! can you please check what's going on.i don't want to be charged for money that i did not received.
will my transfer be done soon?
is there a place to check for fee for payments? i feel like i'm getting charged too much at times.
what do i need for activation of my card?
there is a charge i dont recognize
my money is gone. i had topped up recently and saw it was there, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
so, i was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. this doesn't seem to be working. now, the money has just disappeared from my account. what is the deal?
how do i find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
i made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" its lesser than it should be.now i have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . can you please help me about this,what should be done
can both a visa and mastercard be received from you?
can i use a visa or mastercard?
why is my app showing me taking money that i did not take out?
i keep checking to see if i've received a refund that i requested from a seller, but i'm not seeing the refund. i need you to help me get the refund.
i tried to make a withdrawal from the atm, but it was cancelled.
in regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
what are the auto-top up policies?
this card payment isn't is recognition.
recipient has not received the money
i have an odd payment in my statement
i don't live in the uk. can i still get a card?
how can i change usd to gbp?
i have a new card and i need to activate it.
my thoughts were that you offered crypto top up which does not seem to be working. the money has now been taken from my account. what is the problem here?
my transfer seems to be too expensive.
somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
i am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. as i have already sent you the cheque.
i'm upset because i got charged a ridiculous fee when making an atm withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  it didn't notify me beforehand either or i wouldn't have ever done it.
if i make a mistake can i cancel the transaction?
please give me both visa and mastercard, is it possible?
i will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  how fast do i get a replacement and what is the cost?
what do i do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
i sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. it has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. how long does it normally take?
i need to add my new address now that i've moved.
i'd prefer a mastercard.
why can't i make a transfer?
can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
what atms will allow me to change my pin?
what's go on, where is my new card?
what is my identification used for?
help me activate my card.
i was suppose to be getting a refund for something i purchased a while ago, but it still hasnt been applied to my account. when will i get my money back?
can i use any card and currency?
the day before yesterday, i performed a transfer within the country. it still has not completed. can you check on that? the account number is definitely correct, as i've checked.
what are the fees imposed when i make a transaction?
does the fee for exchange change?
will the duplicated payment be refunded?
need to report a change of address.
what does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
there was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
is it possible to go ahead and log in, although i have not been confirmed yet?
can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
how many disposable  cards are available per account?
am i charged a fee to transfer funds?
why did my top up get reverted?
i am waiting for a payment to be processed
i didn't know i was going to get charged to use my card.
i am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
who do i talk to for transactions debited twice?
i added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
i purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
i wish to cancel a transfer
why does top-up require verification?
i made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. why is this? shouldnt this be instant?
i would like to cancel a transfer
why is top up not working if i use my american express with my apple pay?
i made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can i cancel?
how do i find out about transfers
i needed to make a payment on my account, but i typed in the incorrect number.  the app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  i need it cancelled asap!!
a few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller i don't know. i am quite sure i didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
i tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
there is a duplicate payment on my card. why?
does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
i don't know where my phone is.
i got my card now, how do i make it show up in the app?
i cant seem to activate card
give me back my money, i'm not paying the sellers. it has been a long time ago that i made an order and it just isn't coming.
what should i do when my card reaches its expiry date?
why hasn't a transaction i did to my friend arrived yet?
i see an unfamiliar direct debit payment.
i'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. help!
why did my credit card get declined for top up?
please help me with the activation of the new card.
can i get a refund on an item?
the atm did not give me as much cash as i requested.
can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
i did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. when does this actually go through?
are the funds i requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? i do not see them.
where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
the cash i deposited using the atm is still pending
i no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
i am travelling and i tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what i was supposed to get.
i want a new card
can i have my card activated?
can you tell me about why the account i have was charged an extra 1$
i have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
what's the transfer time from europe?
my friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
my card wasn't working in a shop
i need to cancel a transfer i made.
i need to freeze my card as soon as possible. i just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that i don't recognize over the course of a few days. can we investigate and get my money back?
a payment i made is for a wrong amount can you help me correct the mistake.
this is frustrating, i'm at work and my transfers are not going through. i keep getting an error message, i do not have time for this.
can it automatically top up my account?
i need several cards per day. and i need to be able to throw away all of the cards i make.
there is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
it looks like my top-up was cancelled
do physical cards cost money?
if i exchange currencies on a frequent basis can i receive a discount?
i looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that i don't recognize.  why is it on there?
how long do transfers take to show up in my account?
why did you revert my top-up?
do you ship your cards anywhere?
which countries do you work with?
how does someone else top up my account
i transferred some money but it is not here yet
my transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
why can't i transfer to an account?
the app is showing a direct debit transaction that i did not perform
i have a card payment i didn't make
i've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  is there something i'm doing wrong?
i need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
can i get a visa or does it have to be something else.
i made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
i have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. please help!
hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  why?!
can i use my account although the identity verification has not been accepted yet?
my new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
will i be charged any fees if i want to add money with an international card?
tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
i just made a transfer from a uk account. how long does that typically take to show up? i just want to make sure it worked alright.
i got some items this morning but the payment says pending
do i have a visa card as an option?
please cancel the latest atm charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and i did not receive that cash.
i cannot activate my card.
i tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. shouldn't that be faster? please check my account something has gone wrong there.
how much for an actual card?
i ordered something online a while ago and i haven't gotten it. i would like a refund.
why is my deposit still pending?
i am still waiting for a transfer to show
what cards can i use to add money to my account
how do i know if my top up worked?
i have two of the same charges on my account!
so, i am in the middle of purchasing a flat. i need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. i keep receiving an error. can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
i took out money from the atm and it's still showing as pending?
how long until a cash withdrawal will show on my account
what can i use to verify my identity?
can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
i am reluctant to use atms international because i don't get an accurate exchange rate
what is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
my transfer has been pending for a long time now. i already double checked my account info and it is correct. why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
where do i go to get my new card linked?
i dont recognize a charge on my card
what happened to the money that i deposited?
why is my transfer not working? i tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
i was using foreign currency at an atm, but the rate was typed in wrong.
my balance is not right. it has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an atm
i already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do i do that?
do you take both visa and mastercard?
how do you top up on the apple watch?
i still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
the exchange rate was incorrect for this item i bought.
i have been waiting over a week. is the card still coming?
i have made a withdraw from an atm this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
i was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. a notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
i'm still waiting for my transaction.
how can my new card be activated?
please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
what is the refund process?
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
can i make several disposable cardsper day?
could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
how do i find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
hi, my card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
i believe my exchange rate is incorrect
what countries can i use the card in?
i see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
can i add a new currency to my account?
i should only have one charge, but it shows two.
how do i find my new pin?
i believe my top up has failed
i think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. can you please help?
hae, i already completed my 3d secure authentication when i tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. i also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
can you do exchanges of eur?
talk me through modifying my details.
i'd like to have extra cards. will i have to pay for that?
why did i not get the amount i specified at the atm?
how do i use the disposable cards?
hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. i have done the money transfer before and it never failed. please let me know what is the issue this time.
how do i go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
where do i go to order my card?
hi, i have done a topup, but my money was reverted. please look into this issue.
one of my transactions needs to be canceled.
i want some extra physical cards.
why is top up not working for my apple pay app
i really want a physical card. how do i get one?
what is the exchange rate for foreign atms
for some reason, the money i added was returned.
the seller just told me he didn't get paid. after reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. i need you to please take care of this promptly.
how would my friend be able to send me money?
my transfers keep on getting declined. my card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. why is this?
why is there a service fee on my statement?
my card will expire next month, will i need to order a new one?
which countries can i change my pin in?
i was overcharged an additional pound.
my card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
where can i find the verification code for a top-up?
i finished my transfer. i am having an issue with it still pending. it has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
i am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
my card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
i changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
i need to renew a card that's about to expire
my transfer is pending, why?
how do i ask for a physical card?
how can i link the new card?
as i double checked that i have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. transfer is still pending so far.
i have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. i have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
can i get a card in the us?
how long do cheques take to post to your account?
why was my account assessed a fee?
i want to reactivate my card, i found it after thinking it was lost.
my account is showing a double charge.
is getting my identity verified required before i can use my account?
i have a payment that has not gone through yet
where do i scan my card?
can i activate a card in the app?
how can i change my account details?
when i received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
please could you give me a refund
where's my top up code?
i really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
why would my card payment be cancelled?
on my transfer there was a "decline" message
how was i charged extra when i used my card to pay?
why didn't my transfer work?
how can i change my name in my profile?
is it possible to change from usd to gbp with your app?
what steps do i have to take to activate my card?
are there atm fees?
why is it necessary to verify the top up?
as far as courtries go which ones are supported?
given a choice, i'd rather have mastercard.
unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. a notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
i've changed my mind on an item.  how do i get a refund?
i couldn't pay with card in a shop
am i able to track the card that was just sent to me?
i made a transfer and the person i transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? why did this happen and how do i get the rest of the money to them?
a cash withdrawal has been done that i didn't do.
cancel my transfer, please.
i can't make any transfers, they won't go through, the details are correct as i checked them.  can you look in to this please?
how long do deposits take to appear? i've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
can i use top-up with apple pay?
why isn't my top up showing?  was the money reversed?
are there any extras for exchanging currency?
can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? it was declined for top up so what's the deal?
how long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
why is my transfer more expensive than i thought?
the app shows direct debit payments that i didn't make
my top up was reverted. can you help?
what is the pending payment on my card about?
my transaction is on the wrong account.
i received my american express in apple pay, why is top up not working?
hello i have lost my phone and i'm worried someone's going to steal money from me
what forms of id should i use for verification?
why am i not able to withdraw cash from this atm?
can i link my card i previously received?
i just made a transfer from france 2 days ago. it has not yet reached my bank. is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
how long does it take for a transfer to be in my account?
yesterday i had my phone stolen.  please advise what i should do.
my card is due to expire
after trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. shouldn't the process be quicker? i need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
i want to get a card but i live in the us
how long am i to wait before the transfer gets to my account?
what is the meaning of a pending payment?
i had a decline on my card. why?
there is a direct debit charge on my account that i don't recognize.
i can't see my cash deposit in my account.
are all european currencies available for holding and exchange?
it seems you keep declining my transfers. before, it's always worked very well.just now when i tried to buy something the card was declined. i tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
how do i get my money back for a duplicated charge?
would it be possible for me to get a second card?
can i order a new card?  mine is about to expire.
this isn't fair! i thought transfers could be made for free. i just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that i've never seen before.
there are some card payments that i haven't done myself. what is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
it's been a few days since i've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. what is happening?
i don't know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
where do i order a disposable virtual card?
how long do transfers from a uk bank account usually take for you? i just made a transfer and i'm not seeing anything, wondering if it worked
hi, i have withdrawn cash from the atm on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. i did it as i was not aware of these charges.
can i exchange an item for a refund?
what is the time period for money to be transferred?
can i automatically top-up when traveling?
how to change name on account
i need a new card, my old card is expiring.
weird direct debit payment
how come i got to pay to get my money from the atm?
the atm wouldn't give out cash
i don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. after a couple times trying i'm still getting an error message.
do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
how come a fee was charged when i tranferred money
how do i activate my card, so that i can start using it?
i need to find the top up verification code
the machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
i tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
how long does it take for money to reach my account?
what's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
anytime i've made an atm withdrawal before it has always been free. i now say that i have been charged for my most recent atm withdrawal. what's going on here?
my refund has not shown up on my statement.
how do i order a new card? the current one is about to expire.
can i use my card before identity verification?
mastercard is preferred to me.
my recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
i haven't received my card and am worried it is lost.
how do i add an existing card to the app?
i am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
i do not want a visa card.
how do i protect my phone from someone using it after i lost it.
why is my money not in my account. i have already sent it out.
can i link a card of yours i already have?
what should i do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
can i reactivate my card? i reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
how long do i have to wait for a us transfer?
how long will the $1 charge show as pending?
i put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
i deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
i deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
i made a mistake this morning when i did a transfer. how do i reverse it?
why have you declined my card payment?
i accidentally chose to exchange gbp, but i need to pick aud. how can i change it?
which currencies do you accept for adding money?
can i have a third card?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
my card payment failed.
will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
is it acceptable to use either visa or mastercard?
i exchanged russian rubles for british pounds today and got less than i expected. was exchange rate correct?
i want to activate the card.
how do i see my card in the app?
where are cards available to order?
why do i have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
it's been a couple days how much longer do i have to wait for my transfer?
who charged me a fee for paying by card?
can i change my pin without going to a bank branch?
why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
i did not do this payment
i really wanted to buy something online but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back! what's going on here, i've been trying for a good week or two.
can topping up be automatic?
a wd was just made on my account, but it was not me and i still have my card.  what to do?
there is an extra 1£ charge on my app. why did you charge me extra?
how can i make my card active?
why is this fee being charged to me after using my card?
will you be able to activate my card
can i change my pin?
how does my top-up got cancelled?
i keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! i requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
can i get a card although i'm not in the uk
please help me get a visa card.
where do i top up my google pay?
there is a payment that is not mine in the app.
my card is showing a fee from when i used it, but i thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
can i reset my pin?
my top-up was rejected by an app.
i didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  what exactly are the fees?
its been 3 days, how long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
why do you keep declining my payment? i tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
i used the wrong account number!
i was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. this is pretty sad, what's going on?
explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
i have an unauthorized charge.
i tried to withdraw money, but was unable to. still says that the transaction is pending? will this money disappear??
my account did not allow the transfer.
why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
i tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. did i do something wrong?
i did all that was asked of me and i am rather frustrated. i don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. i have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. it's been a week!
how long will an urgent transfer from china take?
i didn't do a payment and i have it now.
a card payment on my account is shown as pending.
what do i do if i've been charged twice for the same transaction?
activate my card
can i be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
i only got $20 of the $100 that i attempted to withdraw.
why did i only get $20 now the full amount i wanted?
i want to reverse a transaction i did this morning
the exchange rate was messed up from the atm
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiery?
how do i order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
why can't i get cash out?
i need some help linking my new card.
please can you block the transaction i just sent from my account? it was a payment but i accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
i need to change my data.
can i use this app for any currency?
where in the app do i link a new card?
i only received $20, but i requested $100.
i am seeing inside the app a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
why was a transfer declined
i tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
i made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
i hate this atm, it charged me an extra fee, why did it charge?
is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
what is the significance of verifying the top-up?
i checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
what is this withdrawal as i do not remember making it.
i going to be traveling, can i set up auto top-up if i run low on money?
i can't find the top-up card verification code.
there was an extra fee on my account when i got cash.
i want to talk about an order that i placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. i demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  i refuse to pay for something i never got.
how do i use american express to top up my account?
can you tell me why i wasn't able to complete my transfer?
what was the cause for my card to be declined?
why was the wrong rate applied when i bought something in a different currency?
are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? this rate is really bad.
it's been two weeks and i haven't gotten my card, what do i do?
hey a seller just contacted me that my money didn't come through. it was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it's back with me! sort this out asap please.
someone made a mistake on my money transfer because i was charged extra fees.
why was my top up cancelled?
is it possible to get a card outside the uk?
is my card payment reverted?
why can't i use this beneficiary?
my withdrawal is pending, why?
a transaction i did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
i've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
my client was converting their russian ruble into uk pound currency when they noticed their bill was much too high for the exchange. what happened?
i would like to change the the pin on my card.
i have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
if i am running low on credit can i auto top up?
how do i edit my details?
i do not understand what this particular direct debit is ?
i made a card payment but it didn't work. why not?
is there a fee for a cash withdrawal?
are you only able to get a card if you're in the uk?
transferred to account is not successful, help please?
i am so angry right now!  i went to the atm and did not get the correct amount of money i chose to withdraw.  how could this happen?  i need my money and want to know how i can get it asap!
how can i find out about an extra fee on my statement?
where in the european union can i get a card?
why was my transfer charged a fee?
what are the disposable card limits?
i need to know if everything is okay here. after making a transfer from a uk account it doesn't show up. how long does this normally take to process?
why isn't my disposable virtual card working?
is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
why haven't i gotten my payment yet?
my cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. can you help me please?
are cheques accepted for a top up?
i tried to get cash but it was declined!
why is it i am charged an extra fee when i use the atm?
where in the app do i go to verify my identity?
what is the currency exchange fee?
i tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
i want to cancel the transaction i made earlier
would i get a visa or mastercard?
transfer was declined.
where is the cash i deposited?
can i change from aud to gbp?
can i make transfers before my identity verification?
i attempted a transfer, but it failed.
i don't see any change in my balance.
what happened to my top-up? i think it was cancelled.
is it possible to get both mastercard and visa card from you?
can you please check the exchange rate when i was getting cash?
in regards to top-ups, can i do them via google pay?
how can i check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
there seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
i transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
can you make exchanges using the eur?
the atm i'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds i wanted. the app shows i took out 30 pounds also. what do i need to do to fix this?
transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
i used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
my account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't i take cash out of the atm?
how long does it take for money to transfer?
is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
i want to cancel a purchase
i need your help immediately.  there is a 500£ cash withdrawal that i know nothing about.  i think my account has become compromised.
i lost my phone.  what do i do to block someone else from using my account?
can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
it's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! i ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! i'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! i'll search for my japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
the atm didn't give me the amount i asked for
what happens if a merchant doesn't accept  you payment?
the exchange rate you are using is really bad.this can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
my card still hasn't been delivered
some cash was missing at atm.
my phone was stolen! what do i need to do?
why can't i transfer money to a beneficiary
do you support countries other than mine?
card payment has be declined.
what is the procedure for activating this card?
can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from france? i made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
i was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
i requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when i check my statements it doesn't show up. can you help me get my refund.
i bought an item that i was charged a different exchange rate for.
next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. i used my card to purchase an item from another country and i was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. i wasnt aware of this and i think i should get a refund.
hi. i noticed i have a duplicate charge which i have not made twice. who should i talk to take care of this?
i got a message saying i made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but i did not.
the purchase i made is still pending.
i've got a weird problem: i purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! can you explain this?
will i be charged an extra fee if i need to exchange currency?
there's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
i was mugged.  they took everything.  i can't use the app.  what do i do?
i would like it if i could get an item refunded
how can i switch on my new card?
can i use this app to exchange currencies?
i cannot get my google pay to work.
i just made an order and noticed an extra fee. why have you charged me this without informing me?
i want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
there's a $200 withdrawal on my statement that seems fishy to me.
to cash withdrawals charge me?
i was checking the app for my account and i noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  i haven't used my card today, so i know i didn't do it.  i would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
i am calling because the atm didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount i wanted to withdraw. what should i do to get my money back?
there was an extra fee when i paid with the card.
how do i change my address ?
if my card was lost or stolen can i re-link it?
i paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
why did you charge a fee when i withdrew from an atm?
i need to change a transfer.
i was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. this is really sad, what's going on?
i wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
how much will i be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
i sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
how come i can't get money at the atm
why didn't the money i transferred into my account get added to my balance?
can i get a visa from you?
why was i charged a fee for transferring money
i made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. i now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. can you alert me about this. what's been happening?
i'd like to apply for a visa card.
want a new card what are the fees
i've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. what's the deal? is your system down at this time?
is payment required to get a card of my own?
for some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can i do to look into that?
i was charged an additional amount of money for making a purchase with my card
how long will my transaction take?
i get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
